{\rtf1\adeflang1025\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1\adeff35\deff35\stshfdbch13\stshfloch0\stshfhich0\stshfbi0\deflang1033\deflangfe2052{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f13\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}SimSun{\*\falt ??\'a1\'a7??};}{\f35\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f36\fnil\fcharset134\fprq2{\*\panose 02010600030101010101}@SimSun;}
{\f47\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f48\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f50\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}{\f51\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}
{\f52\fbidi \froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f53\fbidi \froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f54\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}{\f55\froman\fcharset163\fprq2 Times New Roman (Vietnamese);}
{\f67\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f68\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f70\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f71\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}
{\f72\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}{\f73\fbidi \fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f74\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f75\fmodern\fcharset163\fprq1 Courier New (Vietnamese);}
{\f179\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 SimSun Western{\*\falt ??\'a1\'a7??};}{\f397\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f398\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f400\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}{\f401\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}
{\f402\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f403\fbidi \fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f404\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}{\f405\fswiss\fcharset163\fprq2 Tahoma (Vietnamese);}
{\f406\fswiss\fcharset222\fprq2 Tahoma (Thai);}{\f409\fnil\fcharset0\fprq2 @SimSun Western;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;
\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af35\afs24\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f35\hich\af35\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 \additive \ssemihidden 
Default Paragraph Font;}{\*\ts11\tsrowd\trftsWidthB3\trpaddl108\trpaddr108\trpaddfl3\trpaddft3\trpaddfb3\trpaddfr3\trcbpat1\trcfpat1\tscellwidthfts0\tsvertalt\tsbrdrt\tsbrdrl\tsbrdrb\tsbrdrr\tsbrdrdgl\tsbrdrdgr\tsbrdrh\tsbrdrv 
\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af0\afs20 \ltrch\fcs0 \fs20\lang1024\langfe1024\loch\f0\hich\af0\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1024\langfenp1024 \snext11 \ssemihidden Normal Table;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f2\hich\af2\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 HTML Preformatted;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\*\rsidtbl \rsid6059194\rsid6965376\rsid11282141}{\*\generator Microsoft Word 10.0.2627;}{\info
{\title The Project Gutenberg Etext of An American Papyrus: 25 Poems}{\author Victoria}{\operator ahaines}{\creatim\yr2003\mo11\dy3\hr14\min40}{\revtim\yr2012\mo8\dy21\hr18\min53}{\version5}{\edmins1}{\nofpages41}{\nofwords11425}{\nofchars65128}
{\*\company Home}{\nofcharsws76401}{\vern16437}}\ltrsect \widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\hyphcaps0\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule\rsidroot6965376 \fet0\ltrpar \sectd \ltrsect\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl\sftnbj 
{\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxta )}}
{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang {\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11282141 \rtlch\fcs1 \af2\afs20\alang1025 \ltrch\fcs0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af13\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11282141 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg's An American Papyrus: 25 Poems, by Steven Stills
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ** This is a COPYRIGHTED Project Gutenberg eBook, Details Below **
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 **  \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2    Please follow the copyright guidelines in this file.     **
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Title: An American Papyrus: 25 Poems
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Author: Steven Stills
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid6059194 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 
\insrsid6059194 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Posting Date\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 : \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 August \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 22\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 , \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 2012\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  [
\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 EBook \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 #4545\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Release Date\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 : \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Octo\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ber, \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 2003
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 First Posted\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 : \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 February \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 6\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 , \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 2002}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11282141 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6059194 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11282141 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11282141 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Language: English
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Character set encoding: ASCII
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 *** START OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 EBOOK AN AMERICAN PAPYRUS: 25 POEMS ***}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6965376 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6965376 

\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 TITLE AND COPYRIGHT NOTICE:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 An American Papyrus: 25 Poems
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 by Steven Sills
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 by Steven Sills
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This etext is distributed by Professor Michael S. Hart through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg Association (the "Project") under the "Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg" trademark and with the permission of the etext's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 copyright owner.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Please do not use the "PROJECT GUTENBERG" trademark to market
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 any commercial products without permission.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 LICEN\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 SE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You can (and are encouraged!) to copy and distribute this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg-tm etext.  Since, unlike many other of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Project's etexts, it is copyright protected, and since the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 materials and methods you use will effect the Project's reputation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 your ri\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ght to copy and distribute it is limited by the copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 laws and by the conditions of this "Small Print!" statement.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2   [A]  ALL COPIES: You may distribute copies of this etext
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 electronically or on any machine readable medium now known
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 or hereafter disco\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 vered so long as you:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      (1)  Honor the refund and replacement provisions of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "Small Print!" statement; and
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      (2)  Pay a royalty to the Foundation of 20% of the gross
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 profits you derive calculated using the method you already use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 to calculate your applicable taxes.  If you don't derive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 profits, no royalty is due.  Royalties are payable to "Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation" within the 60 days
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 following each date you prepare (or were legally required
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 to prepare) your ann\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ual (or equivalent periodic) tax return.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2   [B]  EXACT AND MODIFIED COPIES: The copies you distribute
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 must either be exact copies of this etext, including this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Small Print statement, or can be in binary, compressed, mark-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 up, or proprietary form (including\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  any form resulting from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 word processing or hypertext software), so long as *EITHER*:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      (1)  The etext, when displayed, is clearly readable, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 does *not* contain characters other than those intended by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 author of the work, although tilde (~), aste\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 risk (*) and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 underline (_) characters may be used to convey punctuation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 intended by the author, and additional characters may be used
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 to indicate hypertext links; OR
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      (2)  The etext is readily convertible by the reader at no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 expense into plain ASCII, \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 EBCDIC or equivalent form by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 program that displays the etext (as is the case, for instance,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with most word processors); OR
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      (3)  You provide or agree to provide on request at no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 additional cost, fee or expense, a copy of the etext in plain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ASCII.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 LIMITED WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This etext may contain a "Defect" in the form of incomplete,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 inaccurate or corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 or other infringement, a defective or damaged disk, computer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 virus, or codes that damage or cannot be read by your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 equipment.  But for the "Right of Replacement or Refund"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 described below, the Project (and any other party you may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 receive this etext from as a PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm etext)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 disclaims all liability to you\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  for damages, costs and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 expenses, including legal fees, and YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 NEGLIGENCE OR UNDER STRICT LIABILITY, OR FOR BREACH OF
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 WARRANTY OR CONTRACT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDIRECT,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 YOU
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If you discover a Defect in this etext within 90 days of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 receiving it, you can receive a refund of the money (if any)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 you paid for it by sending an explanatory note within that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 time to the person you rec\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 eived it from.  If you received it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 on a physical medium, you must return it with your note, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 such person may choose to alternatively give you a replacement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 copy.  If you received it electronically, such person may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 choose to alternatively give you a seco\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 nd opportunity to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 receive it electronically.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 THIS ETEXT IS OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS".  NO OTHER
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE MADE TO YOU AS
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 TO THE ETEXT OR ANY MEDIUM IT MAY BE ON, INCLUDING BUT NOT
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERC\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 HANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 consequential damages, so the above disclaimers and exclusions
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 may not app\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ly to you, and you may have other legal rights.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 INDEMNITY
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You will indemnify and hold Michael Hart and the Foundation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and its trustees and agents, and any volunteers associated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with the production and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 texts harmless, \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 from all liability, cost and expense, including
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 following that you do or cause:  [1] distribution of this etext,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 [2] alteration, modification, or addition to the etext,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 or [3] any Defect.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 WHAT \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 IF YOU *WANT* TO SEND MONEY EVEN IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg is dedicated to increasing the number of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 in machine readable form.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The Project gratefully accepts contributions of mon\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ey, time,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 public domain materials, or royalty free copyright licenses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Money should be paid to the:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If you are interested in contributing scanning equipment or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 software or other items, please contact Michae\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 l Hart at:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 hart@pobox.com
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 *SMALL PRINT! Ver.12.12.00 FOR COPYRIGHT PROTECTED ETEXTS*END*
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 by Steven Sills
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 AN AMERICAN PAPYRUS: 25 POEMS
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 by Steven Sills
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                               Post Annulment 2
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Afferent, the city bus cramps to the curb and brakes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Solipsistic muteness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With an exhaltation startled and choking.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As the sun blazes upon the terminal's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Scraped concrete
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The shelved rows of the poor men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Hear the sound die on the pavement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In a grad\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ual dying echo.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A cigarette succumbs to the voice as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Carrion brought to life; all the tattered people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 awaken;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And a man spits toward the tire of the bus,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But misses.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And as he watches his own spit vanish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the hard crest of the world,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And silently scrapes his lunch pail against
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A corner of a metallic bench as if expecting the pale
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 to bleed...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And hoping it would bleed...he tries to remember the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 angles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He and his wife stood to project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The intermingled shadows that both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Had labeled as the\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ir marriage.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He enters the second bus:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Its coolness sedating the skin that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Overlaps his troubled mind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His thoughts pull together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like the light, cool flow of the air conditioning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He feels a little pacified.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He knows the shadow's intangible depth:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Its va\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 stness having overpowered him these months
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Until he could not reach the logic that told him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To find himself outside its barriers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As he stares out of the window
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He wonders why she has left.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 How could she have left without indication
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When he has remained an\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 gled toward work
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 So that he and his wife can stay alive?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the bus window he sees his diaphanous face--the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 windows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the Hilton, where he has a job in maintenance,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Piercing solidly through its head.  He rings the bell.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The idea of her not home, and legally annulled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From his life--her small crotch not tightened to his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 desperate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Thrusts--makes him feel sick.  He gets down from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 bus.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He goes to work.  He suddenly knows that being in love
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 is not love.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 -------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 -----------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                      Earth
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I use her earth to plant my seed--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 My limbs twisting around the collective molecules,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Trying to dig in.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Only the obscurity of my body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Presses so fully that it is neit\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Body nor bed nor the intersection of both,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But euphoric traction;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And then, planted and repulsed,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Only the seam of backbone minutely faces her,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That bed of earth.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With all conscious force
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I breathe the aloneness that intangibly defines the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Air.  I swal\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 low its ambrosia
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of depth and ask myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Why I ever married the woman.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 There is void.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Then a hollow answer calls my name and says "it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 time."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I realize myself in movement, parting the scene.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I use what has been planted for the reaping--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 My suit tucks me into its structure of cotton;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And soon a building will be again the structure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Around men of cotton suits, pushing a product.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Lost, I drink my coffee alone on the stoop.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She had asked to fix me breakfast
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But I would not let her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 My miniatu\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 re is one and black.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I drink me in when I am not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Pressed by the coffee's steam.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Cars' casketed phantoms of people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Chasing up and down Dunlavy Street of Houston
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 After something--their whole lives after something--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Come and go from consciousness like respira\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 tion.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The people plant and reap.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who can count all of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Insignificant names?--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Animals that are not created sensible enough
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To propagate unless lost to frenzy,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Caught in structures without meaning.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                     Bar-Room Buddies
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 We Mongoled Human experience.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 We pushed it into our mouths
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As the crisp pretzels of which the shape became salty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 dust
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 At our tastes: the\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  crispness of life,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And we Mongoled human experience.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The tequila, that Sandras or Cassandras, or whomever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 it had beeen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 At the moment of malevolently blessing our heated and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Maddening consumption, was what we left
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Our wives for; and then hardened ourselve\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 s on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The springless cushions of the sofas of our friends
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Whom we eventually forgot the names of:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The wetness of human experience that we Mongoled,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And felt the bladed emptiness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of stomachs that could not consume food
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 On mornings after.  But the Angels of b\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ar rooms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 continually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Appeared before darkened stages where, in front of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 guitars,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 We played.  They apppeared at various stages to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 weeks of the years.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 They came, silently whispering themselves off
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As Sandras or Cassandras;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Stared up at us for two hours; and disappeared.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The reappearance of their light enamored us, and we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 left
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And followed but found bats that offered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 No shelter, and often caves we could not fit into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or were forbidden from entering.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 We invested our capital
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  the Silicon Valleys of this great nation.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Third-world bitches, in factories, became sick for our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 chips.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 We held power.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 We bred metals and bought the ownership titles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of properties, but could not find a home of the world.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 We married again and brought fort\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 h children
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who were duplicate strangers of ourselves.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                            The Retarded
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Legs clamp around the rim--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The whole seated body sticking slightly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As moanin\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 g howls come from his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Paralyzed mouth.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 It is after having
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Put him to bed for a nap, and then the pot,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That this woman who would dab the bile
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From his bed like one who napkins a spill from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A tablecloth, does not clean away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The substance behind the smell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Which predominates over the bathroom urinal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And aggravates his senses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 No woman to do these tasks,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And then to rim her hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Under the butt;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 No woman to drag him from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The pot,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 After she has had his body bent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Toward her for the wiping,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And flop him onto the \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 bench
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the shower; no woman...
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She sits, cigarette limp in her mouth,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Thinking that the day has almost ended.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the stars she stares out at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the living room of the group home
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She remembers are other earths limping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Half-free in the grips of other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 D\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ying suns.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                         Houston
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In Houston's summers the gods
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Use the clouds as urinals
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For three minutes daily.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In Houston the Boat-People
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Come from planes.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Inner-city--intermingled and alone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like its green Buffalo-Bayou
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Strewn only in the imaginations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of those who run along it briefly.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A mile from the bayou
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The settled imagination of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Nine year-old Vietnamese girl
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Allows a mangled brown horse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To elongate an\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 d flatten out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the reality of the rolled up carpet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 (All because of the rain).
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She feels the wetness now beginning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To seep into her clothes;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She raises herself; she sees the old Cuban
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Walking from the house with hands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the sky, as if to make the heavens\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  appear a little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the manner that the downtown buildings,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From Dallas Street on, by their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Stories of windows draw down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the sky's enormity from measurement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Both extensive and inadequate;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And she follows him.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Apart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And yet they both think about the Vietnamese
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Teenager with curlers in her hair
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who yells "boo" behind doors
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That are entered;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The Cambodian boy who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the view of the Montrose area
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Pours on the bare shrubs,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And then strips and pours upon himself,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The water\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  from a hose, and that both animal and plant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Glisten in the sun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As if they have been greased;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Falling into Houston's world of high buildings
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the descending planes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 While hoping that the big world would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Not overpower their memories;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the Cubans, in h\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ouse #2 always yelling of "Miami."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 They believe that Cambodian refugees
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Always clean house #1,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That Africans never clean themselves,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and that Laotians often pour rice down the drains
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Causing the faucets of the house to stop-up;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And that the welcome-center\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  Manager
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Does not care to bring over a little clothing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And a little food or take them on little trips
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the Social Security Office or the doctor's office
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Past 5 p.m.--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But of different seconds in that minute,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Different lengths, and various perceptions.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She remembers the ugly man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In Vietnam that ran from the police
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And then a scar around his eye
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Opened from the clubs and the blood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Tried to escape him completely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As the body attempted to pull itself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the street, and could not.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He remembers thinking that\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Cranium of an old man is always heavy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 On the neck, and that his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Is becoming like this.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He desires to clasp the gate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That is around the Hispanic cemetery
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And watches the cars on Allen Parkway, below,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Curve and toward the sun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Become a gleam moving endl\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 essly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And instantly gone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He desires to arrive there and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Read a few tombstones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Before and after watching.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She desires to imagine horses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Carrying her away from here to the West,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And other horses following with her family behind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She desires to follow the Cu\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ban that she fears
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Since he is moving away from the refugee houses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 There are no horses in inner-city; and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The Hispanic cemetery cannot be found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To souls wanting to rest there.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "Este cerca de calle Alabama?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He wonders,.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The ra\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 in stops.  The hammers and saws
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 peel their sounds from a roof.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And he notices her steps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Despite the stronger sounds; halts;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And glances behind him as shingles fall ahead,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 While wanting her to completely leave him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And wanting her to come with him.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In Houst\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 on's summers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 At certain areas, shingles like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The god's shit falls from housetops
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the dung dries in the air,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Flattens, and ricochets to sidewalks.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In Houston Cubans pack
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From refugee houses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And plan to fly away into America, and depart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Far from the Cas\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 tilian hot-dog vender
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of Herman Park waiting for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The thirsty and hungered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And those ignorant of what they want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But know that they want something
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And so come to buy from her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who wants people to come to her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For more than the chips
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Because the\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  hotdogs are overpriced,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who formulates
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That she is unskilled
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And that a computer course would answer it all;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Far from the Netherland psychologists who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Stares at her ebony reflection
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In Rothko Chapel's dyed pool;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Apart from others, and no-one, all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Pulling\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  alone for humanity to both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Come and go from their lives.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                            The Politics of Herb's Woman
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Waitresses lightly frisbeeing out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Dishes of breakfasts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Ca\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 tching glimpses of Colonel North's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Photos on the front sides
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of customers' papers and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Formulating judgments
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of rebel or martyr
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From an appearance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And a few words that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Drifted in when the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Hands relaxed plates to table mats;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Farmers wishing the seeds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To suddenly open to be plucked up faster
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 So that they are not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The last ones laid in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 By their hands;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Little "third-world" nations of people hoping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For the great debtor nation to continental-drift
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To bankruptcy, painless and alone;
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And nearly empty of thoug\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 hts--Herb's woman, Jeanie,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Behind the Ellison Building standing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With concrete drilling its stiffness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Through her soles.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 There had been a time--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With face raised from her age-smelted pose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the ever firm stories of that building--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That she would think of r\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 eceiving
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 her paycheck  so she could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Go to K-Mart and have something.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But now years on top of each other,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Uncountable to her,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She continues guiding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The few of the masses of cars
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That turn into the lot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Where to park: in winters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Conscious of the visibility
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  her cold breathing,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And summers with the scents
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of greased telephone poles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And sights of light gleaming off
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Car windows, she thinks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of buying old junk from garage sales
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For her yard sales, with the same prices,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 So as to recall the sounds of human voices
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Other than her own.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                                 Brumfield
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His job was a novitiate where there was no operator's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 manual
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With which to have faith in, and no rules
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But to\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  move with the dustmop pushed before him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Along the empty corridor, and then down a staircase
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Where he could descend to more passive depths in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 cleaning.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 At home he would smell the odor of his bare feet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 coming to him;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Would see the blue under his toe nail t\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 hat looked like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 marble;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And these would be dominant sensations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Though he would be vaguely aware of them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Beneath his bended legs he would sweep his hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To capture a fuller scent as his fingers would flick
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To capture a fuller scent as his fingers would fli\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ck
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His unshaven face.  Then in his only room where the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 bare mattress
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Was lain along with his leather jacket
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the dirty underwear cuddled around a clean
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 toilet--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Where the Rosary hung on a wall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the guitar leaned in a corner--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 he would do his push-ups.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Most of those early mornings some train
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Would pour its breath to the weeds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 At the edge of the tracks, losing them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In sound and mist of a voice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Screaming out, alone,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Through the cold and the living.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His arms would tremble
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With the\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  body weakening, and then demobilized, to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 floor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Before the count of fifty.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Through the fogged condensation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the upper corners to a window
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He would glance up at the train--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Each car imagined as the girlfriend, Cindy,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or the seminary, which he never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gr\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 asped or rejected and so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 They slipped away;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or his mother, who with cancer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Began to close herself off to him--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Grasping one of those trains appearing at the time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With the familiarity of two strangers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who recognized each other's desire to remain such.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                               Oracion A Traves De Gasshole
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                (Patron Saint of Respiratory Therapy Workers)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Saturday.  All the same:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A silvery grey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Thin and undi\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 stinguishable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From skies to parking lot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In exact shadow; and he finds his car.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The lid, laced in rust,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 By the turn of the key,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Parts the grey as it pulls up;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The grocery bag is dropped into the hole;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the ground beef slaps down on the floor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the trunk\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  as if a second slaughter,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Its grounded nerves convulsing it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A couple of inches nearer the oil stain.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That meat, in body, that last moment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 After consciousness has severed itself;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Skin peeling under the fur, hidden,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But not from the last hot beams ahead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 emerging dusk, becoming crisp
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And then soaking up the hot blood, as the trachea,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With the last of the air drawing in,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 begins to fold its walls; and he could imagine it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like he could imagine, from unexact memories,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The woman, last night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 At the hospital, whom he began to like--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 her body pulling cell by cell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Apart before he had a chance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To finish the rescue with the hose
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Descending the nostril as a rope,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and then flushing out mucus.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He gives the ground beef an air-born somersault to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ba\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 g
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And closes the lid that is connected to the vague
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 light bulb of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 trunk.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The Gasshole's reflection on the trunk lid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Is lank and curved; the appearance of his face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With its facial tip of the nose and its greased
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Separation of hair like a wet muskrat in \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 a metallic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 reflection.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His face moving away, he sees an old Hispanic man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who walks from the area of cars carrying two bags
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of groceries in an embrace that could be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For weighty children; he thinks "The senescent,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Carless, careless baws--turd!  A campesino!,\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And he envisions himself as that: having to pull out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the thorns
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That pierce through his tennis shoes as he shovels
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 scattered cacti leaves from out of the back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the pickup to his animals;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And living in the dry ravine surrounded by houses made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 of wood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That had been patted loosely together like adobes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 beside
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The families of the kiln workers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who with him eat out Land's blessings
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And piss and shit out onto her graces,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But himself happily not knowing the language of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Mexican people...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Himself not wantin\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 g to know the language
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of any people that his sister, Cindy, and college pal,
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Dave Broom-Up-The-Butt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Echo.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He does not wish to think of them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or the vaginas that are not his to put on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or the illusive woman who would be sick with him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 like a child lying on \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the sofa in fever and hoping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That in the shadows on the wall and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Passing sounds that are concentrated on her mind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 One will bring deliverance--only placing the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 deliverance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 On him and yet loving him for himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Beyond that need. And while unlocking the d\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 oor of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 car
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He feels that the recreation in life is also a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 routine:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A routine of sharing and parting,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And at the end one is grounded and tossed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Before the validity of his own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Perceptions is resolved.  But he is alive,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Now; and he will put away his groceries;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Read a chapter of his Biblia,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A cenotaph of the dead..
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 maybe a verse; think of forgetting mass
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and mailing in his tithing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And to veg' himself away a few hours
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Before he would have another night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of throats, lungs and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The air of the masses.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                                Come
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 (Camp Wonderland for the Retarded, Lake of the Ozarks)
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Grabbing the already read letter,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Slipping out hot and \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 wet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the bare mattress--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like Sweet Pea's turds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Right before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His psychomotor seizures,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Only without a softness to stub myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Into--stiff and hard I drop
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the cold rim of the bunk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 (Even if I awaken
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The idiots below).
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With non-s\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 yllables and vowellessness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A pitch that is language enough
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To keep this man, Jim,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From wherever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The unassimilated disappear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Howls "He does not want me here"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 While its flesh of Jim beats the plastic urinal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 On the walls barricading a pillowed head.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The joke \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 is on him this time...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 All over him for the next hours.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The letter's impression
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Writes and rewrites in my mind:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Come, my sister calls to our father
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like Ronnie's suppositories butting back.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Only suppositories are meant to do so.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Come, she speaks to me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 An\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 d the shrink
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Shall put in touch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 All that he did to us.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Tripping over Keith's mattress
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I step out in humid silence
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And wipe my cheeks.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Two cabins, beside ours, simultaneously fry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Bugs in blue, electric lights.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Keith, a crippled rocking horse of autism,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Scrapes the feet of his vibrating body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the bench where I sit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Sit, Keith; go back to bed, Keith;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Go to the bathroom, Keith:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In this camp I shape the minutes of his life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To some acceptable pattern.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He rubs his hands together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As if trying to spark fire
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Fo\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 r the inhabitants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of his imaginary world.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Stop that, Keith, I say.  Sit, Keith.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Keith sits:  There is no coming out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For him after twenty years
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This way,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or perhaps for me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The pale gas lamps are strewn around
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A small area of limbs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In a corner of the sky--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 All but patches are aflame
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like a roof of a tent around
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The stakes, ready to break off
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And fall.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Rock, Keith,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As the sun is stroked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 So far into the lap of the night,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Suffocating and as good as gone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The folding and unfolding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of a crinkled letter into squares;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The imagining of the counselor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of cabin four
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And what a pulse would have created
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If her head had drowsed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To my hand on the back of her seat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 On our way here;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The general silent howling of "Come!"--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Keith does not cripple t\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 o this.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He has no sister that calls a stranger back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To erase and draw back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Them both.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He does not say "come!"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 All hours.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He comes.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                                A Gentleman\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 's Right
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He must have thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That there was some covenant of the old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That bound each to move around it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In a square orbit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 he was fifty now, so there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Must not have been any question:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Lessen the speed at the train tracks;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Stumble his car over their ribs;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Swerve closely to the drive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 At a slower pace, and hope
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That where men dodge the bumping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of their tails from Parks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For a private club,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That one would come
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Out from the doors, partnerless.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If not, he would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To go around the block
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Another time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like other\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  old fags before--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The railway crippling with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Its iron in each return raising,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Cracking up from the skin of the street;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Limbs of that bar's tree
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Waving down (some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the windshield), warning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Thoughts that the energy of youth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Had some pivotal focus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Made ea\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ch imagined man to him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like a lollipop,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 but the parks would not do:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 There the man with the smashed fender
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Might be obligated to 69
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A winner without a face--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 a drag race ending in the winner's backseat,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And on his tools which would rib in.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And inside that bar where women snuggle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Away their faces in equality,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And where men rotate hips on the dance floor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like an earth's axes...this would not do:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For there were no friends to affect
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Mutually and faggishly in embraces;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the young and sensitive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Were Oriental and fonder
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the cigarettes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 They put in their faces
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the beers that suddenly appeared
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Before them. This would not do:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Mouth-hugging the earth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 On its bulge of life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or moving to songs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Where the dances never end.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He was an old fag and must \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 retain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A square orbit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 It, at least,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Was a gentleman's right
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And in accordance with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Manner of the fags.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The block was long.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the shadows and oblique actualities
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He felt its length.  His stomach tightened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In fear of the length.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ----------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ----------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                     Transitional Mendacities
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 No, the supremity of having been split off from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A larger entity by being spit out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From pussy lips while
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Reeking pain and havoc
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like a living tongue pulled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From aperture and den
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Is not sign enough
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That he is meant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To be sustained
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As an integral part of the world,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Unique and indispensable.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Thinking about how much longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He will need to play out the day
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That issue is not his, and nev\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 er has been.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "The job was done"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He could say, later,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 After the storm.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Hand-limp,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His broom dance sweeps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Upended under an empty park bench--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Dirt caught under
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The tongues of his feet--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 So his paycheck
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Will come in the mail
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And become bank figures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He can suck from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To keep he and his woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Housed and fed, and well enough
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To legally rape each other in embraces,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Forgetful of their lives.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The man has a son,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and stands nights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 aching behind an assembly line,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Sleeping the days away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 While his son goes to s\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 chool.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The son thinks his father
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Is thoughtless and dirty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And his mother a grease-bitch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For marrying him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The son grows up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Between his college books,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And begins to put it together:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A society of men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Wanting to take a variety
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of stimulating produce--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Though \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 some were more the makers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Than the takers;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The image of rightness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In a man putting his hormones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the making of a company
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In a family; a family
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That needs a provider to survive;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A man honorable and trapped
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And there are nights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He awakens, gagging at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Sudden thought of a man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Next to him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who had engaged his body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In a lower form of sharing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And he wonders if embracing a world
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of ideas can be done
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When all things cannot be believed;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If humanism is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Energy vented
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To avoid futility;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And what grossness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He woul\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 d have to justify next--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 All on those nights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When self-perspectives
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Are swept under in change.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                               Man of Coal
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You knew it was coming:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Twenty-thr\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ee years and the mine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Would notice you one time,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Photocopied.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A voice below bellows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Your name, Dave,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Into the settling air of coal dust.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 After you shut off the engines
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And descend beneath the dragline's skeletal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Nose which canopies like a skyscraper on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Its side in mid-air
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You confront a face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You cannot see in the descending sun.  Shadow-still,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Enormous might engulfing over you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the height of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The dragline's triple-tank wheels,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You see him--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The heels on his leather boots
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Locked in the train-track groove\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 s of dirt.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As he hands the notice to you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Its stiffness shakes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In your calloused hand.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You know that what is left of the day
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Is becoming cold; and despite the smell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of dirt there is a scent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of watermelon in the damp air,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Although you do not know it as that\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  smell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or that there is a smell at all, really.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And yet a faintness of some half-knowledge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That touches its weight lightly in your mind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Drags itself into places you cannot touch.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Pulling out of his shadow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You think of how you might hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This sheet to your wife
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like a child presenting to his mother
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 An award from school:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Your wife screaming laughter of relief
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As she hugs the paper to her breast;
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or how your strong hand might sweat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As you pick up the receiver of the ringing phone,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Expecting\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  that after saying "Hi"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That one of your college children's voices would end
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The conversation there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For you to hand the vibrations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To your wife--but instead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That child
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Congratulates you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For no longer destroying the land.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The noon hour whistle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Vibrates the\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  walls
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the hollow heavens
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the cab; the thermos-well
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of soup, sitting on your lap, you cannot see, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You feel its stillness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Stagnating and absorbing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The contaminating minerals
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the tin, walling in the contents;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And still you want to turn on the ig\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 nition
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To finish out one more complete day
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the twenty-three years here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of hard work.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The quandary then snaps, and you escape.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When out of the valley you enter the truck
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And close the door--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The second time harder, and it latches.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You turn the key
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 An\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 d the truck bounces to the highway.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You stop at the sign;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Stop the motor while
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Still on the dirt road;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But in the end turn left, again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Home.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                                \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Maddog
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 (Or Death to the Barbie-Dame Image)
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You said that it happened--that day you ran away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From a self you buried underneath the ice-packed snow,
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 All those cold years ago--when your last friend, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Had put an end to the Gabriele whom I've never known\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Friend, like yourself a Barbie Dame, became totally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 lame and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Withdrew out the door when you needed more hands to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 keep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Your epileptic roommate}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cf6\insrsid6965376 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6965376 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From smashing her head on the floor.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gabriele, held together by the stitching of hate--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The plastic-eyed polar bear with the stiff arms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That the factory of the human race mutantly created--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This time it will be you who shall feel the wall of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 artificial
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Fur ripped from its threads, and your stuffing falling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 out.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For a little maddog on top of f\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 our joints
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Makes a person see the unsealed human fragments
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That had been smoothed over in time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like a million and some bone fractures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The milk of approval had swum into and covered over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 for looks.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For me fragmenting came yesterday when I saw a welcome
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 mat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Iced over and yet I entered:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Your house was hot and your oven smelled of baking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 meatloaf
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Although you had said that you could not be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 domesticated.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And then I saw your bottle of wine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Standing at attention before two glasses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The pledge that bowing to anyth\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ing or anyone was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 wrong...that people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Were only needed to gain the most bare
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of physiological and psychological needs (pitstops to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 human)--this was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 gone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gone with your hair brushed and your skin smelling of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 perfume
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For some other man than me.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Come on Gabriele, the gal that used to chew tobacco
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Spit it into an empty beer can...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The gal with the deep dark-ocean eyes...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The maddog gal, grip that wine glass now.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For Gabriele, you smile at everyone with meaning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You are as together as a feather w\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 hen a hurricane is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 in town,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And when the hangover's over and your own insight has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Fragmented you from a million pieces to a billion,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 My stiff polar bear arms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Shall poke and not embrace.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I sit back at this party I am hosting--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 My back firmly pushing agains\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 t the back of my chair,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And my head and eyes cocked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You all are the performers this time...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And Gabriele, you are the main attraction,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Attracted, after this night, to the omni-present sense
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 of your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Smashed self; and me--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Sensitive little me in no man's land
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Where no man wanted to grasp me from...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And no woman--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Mended back together in thy survivalistic polar bear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 image.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                      \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2          Becky's Demon
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "Something happened.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 i don't have those visions anymore."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And you believe with a mind like Papa believed with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When i told him i could see things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Clearly before they actually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Were.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His back and forth pacing from those same two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 wind\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ows--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Which had been like a toy soldier powered on a human
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 battery
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With a three minute's stand at one, and then the next,
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Suddenly stopped.  For i was different.  You anointed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And cast me out.  i was alone.  You caused me to hide
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Beside a pitchfork in the shadows of the corners of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the barn.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Yes.  Papa stopped.  His eyes moved.  i'd never seen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 his eyes move
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Before.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 They stared down at me.  My child's eyes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Below--and he aimed his for them as a fisher for prey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 in clear waters.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 i backe\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 d up behind the pipe of the kitchen stove..
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But with one stretch he reached his arm over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like a bear's paw that in force comes down like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Redwood.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 my knee aching as if broken, i crutched up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the other side of the room, beside the door....
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Then, bendi\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ng on my knees the next conscious second--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Feeling the blood of knee caps sticking to hay and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 dirt--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Seeing the sun poke like sticks through rafters and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 cobwebs--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Thinking i grabbed a hold on the sunlight which could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Lift me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Up like a rope; but grasping th\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 e pitchfork--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Raising the pitchfork--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Pitching the pitchfork--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 After hearing the creaking and scraping of the opening
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 barn door
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Plowing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The top soil of the dry earth.  Thinking:  he would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 never kill
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 my shadowy corner.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 II
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And in this plush chair of the Bishop's office i sit a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 decade
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And a half later--a Salem witch of the west explaining
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Dull, trembling self before three Mormon men bending
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 above
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But you don't understand me, as if anyone ever has.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 i had psychic abilit\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ies.  But you don't want them, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 they're
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gone;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And i'm good.  i no longer believe, Bish'y, that I saw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Benson
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Dying
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And Yourself rising above the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Twelve.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But You're still scared of me.  You only want to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 anoint me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And cast me out.  You only want me to hide \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 in a barn,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And belong to shadows.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You call my abilities a possession of a demon.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Papa doubted i could see; and you see me as perverted.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But you do see that i see...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That i have something with some power.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You and the Missionaries lay your hands on me...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 me who left my Protestant roots so as to be rooted in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Family.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You put your cold hands on my forehead,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Trying to vacuum out my psychic abilities,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Which i tell you are no longer--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Trying to take away my saying that i'm okay...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 i'm good.  Speak to me.  D\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 on't cast me out and leave.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2              Where, Oh Where, Did The Mall-Lady Go?
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 They wanted her to drop her thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As naturally as her underpants fell, after they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Over the hips, so the steaming winds of her daily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 showers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Could clear her of encroaching stain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As she had been cleared away.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 They were a function, ignorant of their thinking,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 charting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Charts.  She felt she would have to ignore these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 doctors and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Nurses in the mental ward.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She would have to ignore the pacing patients
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Asking cigarettes from her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The hall was rectangular.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Everyone moved rectangularly.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She would go to dreams of past realities
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Where she was watching the shoppers' reflections
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As they p\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 assed mall's little fountains--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Different types of people-reflections but all silvery
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the still of the waters,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Happy and part of the lives of the mall.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She would imagine herself sitting on a metal bench--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 packages of her new clothing pulling on arms and\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  chest
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like the recalling torpor that came more easily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To her lower legs; the weight of the mink that arched
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Her aching shoulders more like a lady;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And a small sack of chocolate stars
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Touching her upper neck--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Wondering what packages her fellow-creatures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Bought to be brought home and to whom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 They brought them to.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And then, as the locks of solitude clicked in her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 consciousness,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Came the wondering of where, oh where,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Did the Mall-Lady go?
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ---------------------------------------------------------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 -----------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                                Savior-Searcher In The Bible-Belt
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I can see you in those dry moments, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As clearly as if I were there: staring at the cracks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the white ceiling above the bedpost, wondering if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You will slip down three flights to the outer darkness
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like your ex-Mormon roommate, here.  Your visual mind,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Against your will, probably thinks about your squirm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That a few moments ago squirmed you of your juice,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Wiggled her skirt back on, resurfaced the\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  lip-spit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Crackup in her concrete of makeup, and wordless,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Walked like a princess out the door.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As the last of the ecstatic vibrations tides you in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the rear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You arise from the raft of the mattress.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Then you cover up your nakedness,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And move to the light of\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  the living room.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And then I actually see you, Don, in the hour that you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 had told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Me to step back in.  You are bending over the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 end-table stained
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the blood of wine.  Sunlight, stripped silver from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the grey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Clouds, pours through the window to the table.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To your right a nine of swords card of a man pierced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Back gleams as it walls the card of your future
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 lovers.,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the redness of Doctrines and Covenants to the far
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 left of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That table also looks pure in the light.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You do not see me.  Your mind is racked in screwing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the pack
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For an answer.  You turn another Tarot Card
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the order your destiny is to be read.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Your sad eyes look up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And your languid voice says that you are late
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For your meeting with the local Bishop...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A meeting to straighten up your fucking life.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I laugh!  In bitterness that shakes my intestines, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 laugh!
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Another hillbilly man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Has lifted his head above the rest--a foot up from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 jug--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And has blown his breath into the air
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Which 'naps another young an\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 d fragmented one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the call of being holy.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But before you arise
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 You turn the gleaming card of number four--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Your eyes in a more motionless trance than before.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                                New England Washing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2         (Mental Account, Some day of Gorbechev, 1987)
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Another hour.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 There is no circulation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Beneath the steering wheel for my feet.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Outside myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 There is the last of the sun at dusk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But like the conque\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ring Hsuing-Nu
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Pushing themselves beyond a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Great Wall and through an eternal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gathering, it is hardly felt.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 There is nothing great to trouble me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And nothing substantial descends on my senses,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Giving me thoughts other than the fact I'm thinking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 nothing:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A flock of birds in the corner of my left eye
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Blend down with the grey skies
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As if the fence barricading
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The farm land does not pertain to them;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Thoughts of the center line
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And not going over it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Days of Gorbechev, the radio speaks of,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But not his nights-\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 -where, one time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He may have smashed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A big, red cigarette in an ashtray
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With an action stiff and slow;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And as he stood up the mattress of his bed may have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Raised to touch his rear, again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like a quick and soothing give-me-five handshake;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And opening a window of the embassy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To escape the stuffy dryness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of electric heat to his suite,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He may have let the cool American air
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Attack him with the smells and sights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of its diplomatic car exhausts,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Grey and orange from street lamps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And store lights..\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 .and how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The nation breathed for once as it moved.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The third: road; cows, like islanders;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Multi-tinted bladed fields broken by acres
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of forests and pastures; a black-sun scene with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Car lights; a vision blurred and pebbled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Through the windshield--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A truck \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 passes my pinto;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Muddy water slapping its face;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Its stick eyes smoothing it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To a duller complexion.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 It isn't yet Christmas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And I am going home.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 My parents one day drooped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In front of all, and were old--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 We should be having much to say...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I, thinking like t\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 hem, with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The mind of the world,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And us smiling unhappily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And speaking none of that:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But a lot will be said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I am a bum.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 One of their hearts shall give in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And their marriage will be a farce...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Even in car accidents the married
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Die separat\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ely.  And then the widowed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Mother, smoking the cigars of her husband,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And coughing them as the husband had done
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But in the apartment of the son, might
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Visit away her life:  I would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Bring her there, thanking God for a reason
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Not to try hiding all of me in s\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ome pussy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As in daylight the main part
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Goes into underwear.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This is their town
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Far from trays with saucers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And plates and spoons and forks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 (Sometimes hardened in scalloped potatoes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or bent) and knives and glasses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 (Glasses sometime with folded bread inside\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 )...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But forever coming down the belt for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Dumping and washing...the trays that disappear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In a square hole and come out clean
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Will continue regardless if I am there.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Men fuck virgins; a child-worker
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Is born and all is holy.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 There is not\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 hing great to trouble me:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The rains that drop and drift next
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To streets in gutters, take away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Smashed Pepsi cups and beer cans
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Without intent, bound God knows where,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But out of sight.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 -----------------------------------------------------------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ---------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2           The San Franciscan's Night Meditations
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When I am at a dead-lock
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In your rear and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 language of my body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Will not come from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The third element of the soul,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 What am I to say?--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 'ALL BUT ONE DEAD:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Mexican immigrants celebrating the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Stow\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ing away on a 120 degree boxcar
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With urine in their stomachs,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Acknowledging capitalistic thirsts...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Sigue sobre pagina"..
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Double hubble
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The peso is in trouble
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And to Mars
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 America plans
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Jumping over the moon,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And all this has disturbed me!"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The night is full of impulses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To live and to run and seep heavily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Into its dark robes of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Silence and morbid rightness;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And as I, again, try to thrust on dryly--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A log without a river traveling it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To the product of lumber--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and hope to create love in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The sm\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ackings of night,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like anyone else, I know that soon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I am to apologize for lack
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of an ejaculation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And will promise to have a counselor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Tame me to the exclusion of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 All but work and lust.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Sounds of people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Kicking around the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Night of early morning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Beneath m\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 y lover's window;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And I withdraw under the sheet,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 lying flat with the dead moonlight.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2              The Philosophy Of Rita And Herb
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Staring fixed at the rows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of flowered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Wallpaper a pale gray
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the dark efficiency--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The three walls still absent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To her consciousness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As a shadow of silver lightning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Fades the greyness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of one portion in her view--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The "schitzophrenic" lifts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 up a cigarette hidden behind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 An ashtray and the flat\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  ground
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of ashes on the table, which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Skid and resurface with her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Hot breathing.  She thinks they are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Continents drifting, and herself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Upon them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From feeling stiff and pushed under--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Numb to the point of a corpse--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With insecurity enough not to remember,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 E\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ven, her ABC's, Rita runs into the night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Where outside of a window
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She blesses the workers making
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Colonial bread.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 An old man in a cowboy hat, Herb,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Is saddled on the wooden railing of a porch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To an apartment complex: seated there beside a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 remembrance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of a young woman like Rita.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And in the spitting fumes; bad-muffler sounds;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The rocking phallicism in radio music of passing cars,
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He feels he has to move or die
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And gets down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To his pickup.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And Rita, upon dawn and upon the end of rain,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Walks the streets \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 again after tiring,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Ready to go back and confront the curfew-conscious
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Group home, and the "zero" on her record full of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Zeros.  She worries about carrying in her womb
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A mini-Herb with scabs of grey hair
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And little pot-holes in his tiny face,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Though she is \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 still a virgin.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                                Estivation
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Weekends in Tranquility Park--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With the downtown buildings, hallways of giants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 clustered,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Exhaling the coolness e\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 choed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the rectangular mouths of doors
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Opened and closed by cityers--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A coolness came over my thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The way lack of wind contains
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The hastening of Yosemite's flames.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 There, diurnal and punctual, she crossed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That small area of\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  grass, fountains, and cement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Which were generally buffeted more fully by sun and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 adjacent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Sounds, moving the park more than Bush and Dukakis'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Presence.  "WALK" was always lit when la chica
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Approached the street, carrying her library books.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When would she,\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  artificial and pneumatic,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who like Houston's miniature stop-lights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 While going to work, veer my movements
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To slide off a plane ticket and be led
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Through and from burning Amazons
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And green-house climactic changes--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Through wasted ozone and my own depleted \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 life--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The breath of her mouth my only nourishment.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Masking tape
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From hurricane threats
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Remains at the edges of windowpanes;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Palm trees, below, are hybrid to cement;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Thuc Nguyen's business report figures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Blend and bury themselves as distant sounds;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The st\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 aff meeting and this cigarette industry are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 gone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Slid off a plane ticket caught in life's winds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Restless     No friends for real
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 All wanting something from me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The outside world has nothing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Except life-ending amusements of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Sex to escape void
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The dead\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  have some solidity of truth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 About what happens after life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Even if they are not aware of it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the rest breathe in fables
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Everything is surely unchanged in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Springfield, Mo., where I was raised,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But none of it is mine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Nothing is ours--humanity drifts alon\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 g
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And intersects briefly in alliances      My friends
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Are co-workers whom I must expire
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 My life with civilly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As we light cigarettes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And bitch of no new raises
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When would she pull on my arm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Tugging me thoroughly into breaking glass
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the 12th floor confer\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ence room
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To fall, putting me out violently,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When I can no longer dream
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                                Mid-West Hymn of Aten
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Aten, where it is thro\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ned on the television beneath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the window,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Sees above and below and says nothing:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 It enjoys the woman secretary and the road constructor
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who from opposite shifts of the sun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Come to it, the cat;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Follow the roaming in its mansion;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Pensively laugh as it cling\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 s to hundred dollar drapes;
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Feed it holiday popcorn on the throne;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And close the drapes that the cat, Aten
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Had opened by its tugging,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And will open again:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Opening below
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Where the woman, statue of her liberty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Wedged in a mud layered hill of snow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Ankle-thrusts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      The tilt of her body after a moment of standing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 still:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Face looking in the trash receptacle that her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 flabby
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Breasts rest on the rim of and point toward; head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 bowed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      To the tin; And mind distinguishing between good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Bad trash.  Her hands raise from the snow-blended
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Mixture to push back the hair that was intimate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with trash.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      She raises her head and glances up at the sky
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      She had noticed a few seconds earlier; and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 wonders
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Of the person who \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 would throw away a nightgown
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      And wilted plants, dented but unopened cat food,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      And scattered baby pictures--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      But the cold wind pushes further into her rashed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 cheeks;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      And she drops the gown before she can mentally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 conceptualize
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      The w\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 oman's possible image  She digs further
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and...
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And opening Above where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Two crossing jet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Had each made an element
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of a cross in the skies---
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A third, now, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Heavens appear to play
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Tick-tack-toe with their bad arts,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Or do not know how to push out caul\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 k neatly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When hoping to seal out the heavens.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                                McConico
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Through the hazy waters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of his hot bath, looking, he thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That his woman's pubic hairs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Should naturally have come out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 More permed like his,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Regardless of her color.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The door being shut and locked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With a rifle in front--still he heard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the living room a forum of senators'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Televised voices discussing laws of l\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 imits
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In openness and freedoms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And ramifications.  He did not understand--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As the mirrors steamed, dripped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Down from the air conditioning's touch, and resteamed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When it shut off;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And when he wondered what home owners
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Had used the bathtub before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And what di\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 sease might be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Dropping from the cracks around the faucet--that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The fags would push down the American way of life.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He did not argue that if they were isolated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the mainstream, their liquids might get off on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Products as they worked for the cost of t\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 heir
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 isolation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In, for example, a barren region of Texas;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And that the isolated would, by the testing of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Virus, be proven witches
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 So there would not have to be witch hunts--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 No, he just felt their destruction.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And he thought of his woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the bedroom, waiting, and became
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Forgetful of anything
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But the desire to have her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 They had that freedom.  The American constitution
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Said so---freedom to live and breathe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And fuck and fuck..
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Fuck so hard that the penis would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Knive through the condom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  spray-paint the man's name
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 On the dull walls of the vagina.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 They had that freedom--those inalienable rights--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Her to be banged and to squeal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To her friends that she was in love
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And him to white pussy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And a gal that he could call his own...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His woman.  And\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  if the initial M got ready
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To graffito-crawl his way out--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A problem for the rest of their years---
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She could erase it, not remembering it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With any more significance than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Having clipped a broken end
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of a fingernail.  She had that right.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Her man said so, and so said
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The American constitution.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His shift in Toastmaster
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Had for that day ended,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And so now he could rest in waters;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Focus on the bubbles that rose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When he farted; and let the memories
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the entire day be released to rise and fall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like the steam.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He would have to scrub himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Good before going to his woman:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 She understood money
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With its charm of a cocaine high--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Although the need for dominance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the breaking of rules
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Made her love him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who still did not supply her with all of her\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  needs--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But the composite smell of the factory and the drugs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That he sold after each shift
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Would lessen the good feelings that made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 That understanding.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                     \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2           Beauty Shop Motif
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Taking the boat two hundred miles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With her Ozark loving husband
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Not having the key
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And why I don't use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The hair dye she prescribed--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The one I had bought from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Her last time--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I say, "Yes, Honey"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And watch her lips through the mirror speed on.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 My back aches in the chair stiff as a board.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Have I gotten as old as this?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Have I started saying, "Yes, Honey?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Conscious of slight pains and discomforts--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Words as silent racing of lips.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Another shampoo is g\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 round harder
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In the grey hair of my scalp.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The long gray weeds that grow out of it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Will be chopped off another two inches more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Than what I asked her to do.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In a room of old women, like me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Who let the buzz of dryers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And loud beautician speakers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Keep their\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  minds active from remembering,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 My bored and wayward eyes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 See in the mirror
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 (Now seated in a once empty chair next to mine)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A young one:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Her fidgeting body willfully captivated;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Hair held high and hostage;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Curlers stiffly tightened;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Bulges diluvial by Cylenderic Bottle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Held ungodly above her head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And squeezed by gentle but firm hands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of a male beautician--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And I remember that the noxious liquid}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cf6\insrsid6965376 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6965376 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Dribbles under Cotton Crowns
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Around one's head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As the eyes water from the sting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of this thi\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ng called love.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Somehow I want to warn her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Although she may not be a stranger
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To being whitewashed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In a man's liquids
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the click-of-the heels logic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of women, as if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 One's whole damaged life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Can be bounced from a mirror
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In and to all women
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like an SOS.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 -\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 -------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                               Sculpting of Winds
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 It was as if certain people came in.  Those disliked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Disregarded and the rest kind of circled in and out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But at the time in and a small period out were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 associated with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And considered part of that person's reality by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The way a cat brushes against certain familiarities
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Agreeable enough as it goes for its meal,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And so I befriended places.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Saltillo in Me\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 xican mountains when the land shivers in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 shadow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And the sun stretches through the air and beyond it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With an intent to overpower what is closer to man--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The River-walk and the Alamo and between both where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A Philipino in green shorts eats the grass
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Where sid\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ewalk and road intersect.  There is a city
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 where I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Thought I could find myself less lonely,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And so I have returned home.  Snow embraces
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Springfield's earth to its death.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Under the sounds of the rolling drips of water in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 gutter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I am frozen, though finge\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 rs tearing apart the wet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 leaves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I pulled off from a tree, wishing they had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Dry to grind and become the physical appearance of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 wind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Cracked and peeled back from a boot a portion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the snow is removed but refreezes more heavily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 On one area of the \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 dead.  I stand as an outsider
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Imagining myself to allow a job section of today's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 newspaper
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To become the thoughts that crash along in the mind of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the wind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 I need money but cannot find anything worth doing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To change from a person to a commercial function to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 eat...this..
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This day I shall sleep away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As the night.  In Springfield, Mo.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The Great God may also await for his eviction.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af0 \ltrch\fcs0 \cf6\insrsid6965376 
\par }{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6965376 \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Two hundred Indians in Houston bow down to Krishna as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the gates
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Men lock around \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 him are opened and closed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But in Springfield he probably awaits,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His red-sock feet on his sofa
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As the furnace blows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The Soviet flag on the wall before his feet.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His walls may have many flags,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And his mind thoughts of glasnost and communism
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Intermixed.. im\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 practical thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He must sacrifice so that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He can exist together more easily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 With the community of the dead,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Unalone.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2                                Post-Annulment
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Afferent, the city bus cramps to the curb and brakes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Solipsistic muteness with an exhaltation startled and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 choking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 [People are play-things in one's reality!  One must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 look
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Into other eyes or he'll be reminded that he is a user
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 too]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As the sun-god, \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Aten, blazes upon the terminal's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Scraped concrete--its graven image--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Making the place an Amarna,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The shelved rows of the poor men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Hear the sound humbly grazing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Through whispered reverence over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The glass-speckled pavement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In a gradual dying echo,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A cigaret\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 te succumbs to the voice as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Carrion brought to life; all the tattered people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 awaken;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And a man spits toward the tire of the bus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 But misses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 [Religion is a lie!  Everything is a lie!]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 And as he watches his own spit vanish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From the hard crest of the world,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 nd silently scrapes his lunch pail against
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 A corner of a metallic bench as if expecting the pale
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To bleed...and hoping it would bleed...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He tries to remember the angles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He and his wife stood to project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The intermingled shadows that both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Had labeled as their marriage.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 [Marriage, that sanctified legal rape, fosters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The child-man to be a destined societal function
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As he grows up in the family unit]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He enters the second bus:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Its coolness sedating the skin that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Overlaps his troubled mind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 His\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  thoughts pull together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Like the light, cool flow of the air conditioning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He feels a little pacified
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 [Come to thyself, human, the refuge from lies!]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He knows the shadow's intangible depth:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Its vastness having overpowered him these months
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Until he could no\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 t reach the logic that told him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To find himself outside its barriers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 As he stares out of the window
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 he wonders why she has left.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 How could she have left without indication
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 When he has remained angled toward work
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 So that he and his wife can stay alive?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 In \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the bus window he sees his diaphanous face--the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 windows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Of the Hilton, where he has a job in maintenance,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Piercing solidly through its head.  He rings the bell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The idea of her not home, and legally annulled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 From his life--her small crotch not tightened to his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Desperate thrusts--makes him feel sick.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He gets down from the bus.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He goes to work.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 He suddenly knows that he is not in love.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0\pararsid11282141 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 
\ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid11282141 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 End of Project Gutenberg's An American Papyrus: 25 Poems, by Steven Stil\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ls
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 *** END OF THIS PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK AN AMERICAN PAPYRUS: 25 POEMS ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ***** This file should be named 4545-r.rtf or 4545-r.zip *****
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This and all associated files of various formats will be found in:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2         http://www.gutenberg.org/4/5/4/4545/
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Updated editions will replace the previous one--the old editions
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 will be renamed.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Creating the works from public domain print editions means that no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 one owns a United States copyright in these works, so the Foundation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 (and you!) can copy and distribute i\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 t in the United States without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 permission and without paying copyright royalties.  Special rules,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 set forth in the General Terms of Use part of this license, apply to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 copying and distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 protect the PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm concept and trademark.  Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg is a registered trademark, and may not be used if you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 charge for the eBooks, unless you receive specific permission.  If you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 do not charge anything for copies of this eBook, complyi\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ng with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 rules is very easy.  You may use this eBook for nearly any purpose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 such as creation of derivative works, reports, performances and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 research.  They may be modified and printed and given away--you may do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 practically ANYTHING with public domain eB\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ooks.  Redistribution is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 subject to the trademark license, especially commercial
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 redistribution.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 *** START: FULL LICENSE ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 THE FULL PROJECT GUTENBERG LICENSE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 PLEASE READ THIS BEFORE YOU DISTRIBUTE OR USE THIS WORK
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To protect the Project Gutenberg-tm\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  mission of promoting the free
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 distribution of electronic works, by using or distributing this work
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 (or any other work associated in any way with the phrase "Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg"), you agree to comply with all the terms of the Full Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm Licen\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 se available with this file or online at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2   www.gutenberg.org/license.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Section 1.  General Terms of Use and Redistributing Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 electronic works
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.A.  By reading or using any part of this Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 electronic work, you indicate that you have read, understand, agree to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and accept all the terms of this license and intellectual property
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 (trademark/copyright) agreement.  If you do not agree to abide by all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the terms of this agreement, you must cease usin\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 g and return or destroy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 all copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works in your possession.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If you paid a fee for obtaining a copy of or access to a Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm electronic work and you do not agree to be bound by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 terms of this agreement, y\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ou may obtain a refund from the person or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 entity to whom you paid the fee as set forth in paragraph 1.E.8.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.B.  "Project Gutenberg" is a registered trademark.  It may only be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 used on or associated in any way with an electronic work by people who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 agree to\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  be bound by the terms of this agreement.  There are a few
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 things that you can do with most Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 even without complying with the full terms of this agreement.  See
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 paragraph 1.C below.  There are a lot of things you can do \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm electronic works if you follow the terms of this agreement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and help preserve free future access to Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 works.  See paragraph 1.E below.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.C.  The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ("the Fou\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ndation"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 or PGLAF), owns a compilation copyright in the collection of Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm electronic works.  Nearly all the individual works in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 collection are in the public domain in the United States.  If an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 individual work is in the public domain in\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  the United States and you are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 located in the United States, we do not claim a right to prevent you from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 copying, distributing, performing, displaying or creating derivative
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 works based on the work as long as all references to Project Gutenberg
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 are removed\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 .  Of course, we hope that you will support the Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm mission of promoting free access to electronic works by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 freely sharing Project Gutenberg-tm works in compliance with the terms of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 this agreement for keeping the Project Gutenberg-tm name \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 associated with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the work.  You can easily comply with the terms of this agreement by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 keeping this work in the same format with its attached full Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm License when you share it without charge with others.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This particular work is one of the \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 few copyrighted individual works
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 included with the permission of the copyright holder.  Information on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the copyright owner for this particular work and the terms of use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 imposed by the copyright holder on this work are set forth at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 beginning of this wor\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 k.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.D.  The copyright laws of the place where you are located also govern
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 what you can do with this work.  Copyright laws in most countries are in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 a constant state of change.  If you are outside the United States, check
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the laws of your country in additi\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 on to the terms of this agreement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 before downloading, copying, displaying, performing, distributing or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 creating derivative works based on this work or any other Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm work.  The Foundation makes no representations concerning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the copyright st\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 atus of any work in any country outside the United
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 States.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.  Unless you have removed all references to Project Gutenberg:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.1.  The following sentence, with active links to, or other immediate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 access to, the full Project Gutenberg-tm License must a\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ppear prominently
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 whenever any copy of a Project Gutenberg-tm work (any work on which the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 phrase "Project Gutenberg" appears, or with which the phrase "Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg" is associated) is accessed, displayed, performed, viewed,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 copied or distributed:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This eBook is for the use of anyone anywhere at no cost and with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 almost no restrictions whatsoever.  You may copy it, give it away or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 re-use it under the terms of the Project Gutenberg License included
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with this eBook or online at www.gutenberg.org
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.2.\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2   If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is derived
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 from the public domain (does not contain a notice indicating that it is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 posted with permission of the copyright holder), the work can be copied
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and distributed to anyone in the United State\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 s without paying any fees
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 or charges.  If you are redistributing or providing access to a work
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with the phrase "Project Gutenberg" associated with or appearing on the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 work, you must comply either with the requirements of paragraphs 1.E.1
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 through 1.E.7 or o\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 btain permission for the use of the work and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg-tm trademark as set forth in paragraphs 1.E.8 or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.9.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.3.  If an individual Project Gutenberg-tm electronic work is posted
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with the permission of the copyright holder, your use and di\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 stribution
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 must comply with both paragraphs 1.E.1 through 1.E.7 and any additional
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 terms imposed by the copyright holder.  Additional terms will be linked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 to the Project Gutenberg-tm License for all works posted with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 permission of the copyright holder \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 found at the beginning of this work.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.4.  Do not unlink or detach or remove the full Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 License terms from this work, or any files containing a part of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 work or any other work associated with Project Gutenberg-tm.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.5.  \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Do not copy, display, perform, distribute or redistribute this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 electronic work, or any part of this electronic work, without
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 prominently displaying the sentence set forth in paragraph 1.E.1 with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 active links or immediate access to the full terms of the Pro\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ject
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm License.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.6.  You may convert to and distribute this work in any binary,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 compressed, marked up, nonproprietary or proprietary form, including any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 word processing or hypertext form.  However, if you provide access to or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 distribute copi\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 es of a Project Gutenberg-tm work in a format other than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other format used in the official version
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 posted on the official Project Gutenberg-tm web site (www.gutenberg.org),
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 you must, at no additional cost, fee or expense to the use\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 r, provide a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 copy, a means of exporting a copy, or a means of obtaining a copy upon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 request, of the work in its original "Plain Vanilla ASCII" or other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 form.  Any alternate format must include the full Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 License as specified in paragraph\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  1.E.1.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.7.  Do not charge a fee for access to, viewing, displaying,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 performing, copying or distributing any Project Gutenberg-tm works
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 unless you comply with paragraph 1.E.8 or 1.E.9.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.8.  You may charge a reasonable fee for copies of or providing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 access to or distributing Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works provided
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 that
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 - You pay a royalty fee of 20% of the gross profits you derive from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      the use of Project Gutenberg-tm works calculated using the method
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      you already use to calculate your applicable taxes.  The fee is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      owed to the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark, but he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      has agreed to donate royalties under this paragraph to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation.  R\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 oyalty payments
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      must be paid within 60 days following each date on which you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      prepare (or are legally required to prepare) your periodic tax
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      returns.  Royalty payments should be clearly marked as such and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      sent to the Project Gutenberg Li\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 terary Archive Foundation at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      address specified in Section 4, "Information about donations to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 - You provide a full refund of any money paid by a user who notifies
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      you in writing (or by \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 e-mail) within 30 days of receipt that s/he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      does not agree to the terms of the full Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      License.  You must require such a user to return or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      destroy all copies of the works possessed in a physical medium
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      and discontinue \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 all use of and all access to other copies of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Project Gutenberg-tm works.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 - You provide, in accordance with paragraph 1.F.3, a full refund of any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      money paid for a work or a replacement copy, if a defect in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      electronic work is discovered a\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 nd reported to you within 90 days
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      of receipt of the work.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 - You comply with all other terms of this agreement for free
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm works.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.E.9.  If you wish to charge a fee or distribute a Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 electronic work or group of works on different terms than are set
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 forth in this agreement, you must obtain permission in writing from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 both the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation and Michael
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Hart, the owner of the Project Gutenberg-tm trademark. \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  Contact the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Foundation as set forth in Section 3 below.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.F.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.F.1.  Project Gutenberg volunteers and employees expend considerable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 effort to identify, do copyright research on, transcribe and proofread
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 public domain works in creating the Project Gutenb\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 erg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 collection.  Despite these efforts, Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 works, and the medium on which they may be stored, may contain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 "Defects," such as, but not limited to, incomplete, inaccurate or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 corrupt data, transcription errors, a copyright or o\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ther intellectual
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 property infringement, a defective or damaged disk or other medium, a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 computer virus, or computer codes that damage or cannot be read by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 your equipment.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.F.2.  LIMITED WARRANTY, DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES - Except for the "Right
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 of Replaceme\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 nt or Refund" described in paragraph 1.F.3, the Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation, the owner of the Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm trademark, and any other party distributing a Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm electronic work under this agreement, disclaim all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 liabi\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 lity to you for damages, costs and expenses, including legal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 fees.  YOU AGREE THAT YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR NEGLIGENCE, STRICT
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 LIABILITY, BREACH OF WARRANTY OR BREACH OF CONTRACT EXCEPT THOSE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 PROVIDED IN PARAGRAPH 1.F.3.  YOU AGREE THAT THE FOUNDATION, THE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 TRADEMARK OWNER, AND ANY DISTRIBUTOR UNDER THIS AGREEMENT WILL NOT BE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 LIABLE TO YOU FOR ACTUAL, DIRECT, INDIRECT, CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 INCIDENTAL DAMAGES EVEN IF YOU GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 DAMAGE.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.F.3.  \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 LIMITED RIGHT OF REPLACEMENT OR REFUND - If you discover a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 defect in this electronic work within 90 days of receiving it, you can
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 receive a refund of the money (if any) you paid for it by sending a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 written explanation to the person you received the work fr\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 om.  If you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 received the work on a physical medium, you must return the medium with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 your written explanation.  The person or entity that provided you with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the defective work may elect to provide a replacement copy in lieu of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 refund.  If you received the \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 work electronically, the person or entity
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 providing it to you may choose to give you a second opportunity to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 receive the work electronically in lieu of a refund.  If the second copy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 is also defective, you may demand a refund in writing without further
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 oppo\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 rtunities to fix the problem.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.F.4.  Except for the limited right of replacement or refund set forth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 in paragraph 1.F.3, this work is provided to you 'AS-IS', WITH NO OTHER
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 WARRANTI\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR ANY PURPOSE.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.F.5.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of certain implied
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 warranties or the exclusion or limitation of certain types of damages.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 If any disclaimer or limitation set forth in this agreement violates t\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 he
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 law of the state applicable to this agreement, the agreement shall be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 interpreted to make the maximum disclaimer or limitation permitted by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 the applicable state law.  The invalidity or unenforceability of any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 provision of this agreement shall not void the remaining provisions.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 1.F.6.  INDEMNITY - You agree to indemnify and hold the Foundation, the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 trademark owner, any agent or employee of the Foundation, anyone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 providing copies of Project Gutenberg-tm electron\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ic works in accordance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with this agreement, and any volunteers associated with the production,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 promotion and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm electronic works,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 harmless from all liability, costs and expenses, including legal fees,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 that arise directly o\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 r indirectly from any of the following which you do
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 or cause to occur: (a) distribution of this or any Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 work, (b) alteration, modification, or additions or deletions to any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg-tm work, and (c) any Defect you cause.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Sect\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ion  2.  Information about the Mission of Project Gutenberg-tm
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg-tm is synonymous with the free distribution of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 electronic works in formats readable by the widest variety of computers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 including obsolete, old, middle-aged and new computers.\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2   It exists
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 because of the efforts of hundreds of volunteers and donations from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 people in all walks of life.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Volunteers and financial support to provide volunteers with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 assistance they need are critical to reaching Project Gutenberg-tm's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 goals and ens\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 uring that the Project Gutenberg-tm collection will
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 remain freely available for generations to come.  In 2001, the Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation was created to provide a secure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and permanent future for Project Gutenberg-tm and future genera\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 tions.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To learn more about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and how your efforts and donations can help, see Sections 3 and 4
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 and the Foundation information page at www.gutenberg.org
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Section 3.  \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Information about the Project Gutenberg Literary Archive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Foundation
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a non profit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 501(c)(3) educational corporation organized under the laws of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 state of Mississippi and granted tax exempt status by t\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 he Internal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Revenue Service.  The Foundation's EIN or federal tax identification
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 number is 64-6221541.  Contributions to the Project Gutenberg
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Literary Archive Foundation are tax deductible to the full extent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 permitted by U.S. federal laws and your state's\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  laws.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The Foundation's principal office is located at 4557 Melan Dr. S.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Fairbanks, AK, 99712., but its volunteers and employees are scattered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 throughout numerous locations.  Its business office is located at 809
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 North 1500 West, Salt Lake City, UT 84116,\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2  (801) 596-1887.  Email
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 contact links and up to date contact information can be found at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Foundation's web site and official page at www.gutenberg.org/contact
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 For additional contact information:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Dr. Gregory B. Newby
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      Chief Executive and Direct\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      gbnewby@pglaf.org
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Section 4.  Information about Donations to the Project Gutenberg
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Literary Archive Foundation
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg-tm depends upon and cannot survive without wide
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 spread public support and donations to carry out its mission of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 increasing the number of public domain and licensed works that can be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 freely distributed in machine readable form accessible by the widest
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 array of equipment including outdated equipment.  Many small donations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ($1 to $5,000) are particularly important to m\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 aintaining tax exempt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 status with the IRS.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 The Foundation is committed to complying with the laws regulating
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 charities and charitable donations in all 50 states of the United
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 States.  Compliance requirements are not uniform and it takes a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 considerable eff\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ort, much paperwork and many fees to meet and keep up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with these requirements.  We do not solicit donations in locations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 where we have not received written confirmation of compliance.  To
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 SEND DONATIONS or determine the status of compliance for any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 particu\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 lar state visit www.gutenberg.org/donate
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 While we cannot and do not solicit contributions from states where we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 have not met the solicitation requirements, we know of no prohibition
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 against accepting unsolicited donations from donors in such states who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 app\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 roach us with offers to donate.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 International donations are gratefully accepted, but we cannot make
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 any statements concerning tax treatment of donations received from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 outside the United States.  U.S. laws alone swamp our small staff.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Please check the Pro\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ject Gutenberg Web pages for current donation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 methods and addresses.  Donations are accepted in a number of other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ways including checks, online payments and credit card donations.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 To donate, please visit:  www.gutenberg.org/donate
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Section 5.  \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 General Information About Project Gutenberg-tm electronic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 works.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Professor Michael S. Hart was the originator of the Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 concept of a library of electronic works that could be freely shared
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 with anyone.  For forty years, he produced and d\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 istributed Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Gutenberg-tm eBooks with only a loose network of volunteer support.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg-tm eBooks are often created from several printed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 editions, all of which are confirmed as Public Domain in the U.S.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 unless a copyright notice is includ\hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 ed.  Thus, we do not necessarily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 keep eBooks in compliance with any particular paper edition.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Most people start at our Web site which has the main PG search facility:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2      www.gutenberg.org
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 This Web site includes information about Project Gutenberg-tm,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 including how to make donations to the Project Gutenberg Literary
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 Archive Foundation, how to help produce our new eBooks, and how to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af13\loch\f2 subscribe to our email newsletter to hear about new eBooks.}{\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6965376 
\par }\pard \ltrpar\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 {\rtlch\fcs1 \af2 \ltrch\fcs0 \insrsid6965376 

\par }}