{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f27\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604030504040204}Tahoma;}{\f28\froman\fcharset238\fprq2 Times New Roman CE;}{\f29\froman\fcharset204\fprq2 Times New Roman Cyr;}{\f31\froman\fcharset161\fprq2 Times New Roman Greek;}
{\f32\froman\fcharset162\fprq2 Times New Roman Tur;}{\f33\froman\fcharset177\fprq2 Times New Roman (Hebrew);}{\f34\froman\fcharset178\fprq2 Times New Roman (Arabic);}{\f35\froman\fcharset186\fprq2 Times New Roman Baltic;}
{\f44\fmodern\fcharset238\fprq1 Courier New CE;}{\f45\fmodern\fcharset204\fprq1 Courier New Cyr;}{\f47\fmodern\fcharset161\fprq1 Courier New Greek;}{\f48\fmodern\fcharset162\fprq1 Courier New Tur;}{\f49\fmodern\fcharset177\fprq1 Courier New (Hebrew);}
{\f50\fmodern\fcharset178\fprq1 Courier New (Arabic);}{\f51\fmodern\fcharset186\fprq1 Courier New Baltic;}{\f244\fswiss\fcharset238\fprq2 Tahoma CE;}{\f245\fswiss\fcharset204\fprq2 Tahoma Cyr;}{\f247\fswiss\fcharset161\fprq2 Tahoma Greek;}
{\f248\fswiss\fcharset162\fprq2 Tahoma Tur;}{\f249\fswiss\fcharset177\fprq2 Tahoma (Hebrew);}{\f250\fswiss\fcharset178\fprq2 Tahoma (Arabic);}{\f251\fswiss\fcharset186\fprq2 Tahoma Baltic;}}{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;
\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;
\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}{\stylesheet{\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f27\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \snext0 Normal;}{\*\cs10 
\additive Default Paragraph Font;}{\s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 
\fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\f2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 \sbasedon0 \snext15 HTML Preformatted;}}{\*\revtbl {Unknown;}}{\info{\title The Project Gutenberg Etext of An American Papyrus: 25 Poems}{\author Victoria}{\operator Victoria}
{\creatim\yr2003\mo11\dy3\hr14\min40}{\revtim\yr2003\mo11\dy3\hr14\min40}{\version2}{\edmins0}{\nofpages36}{\nofwords9228}{\nofchars52603}{\*\company Home}{\nofcharsws64600}{\vern8247}}
\widowctrl\ftnbj\aenddoc\noxlattoyen\expshrtn\noultrlspc\dntblnsbdb\nospaceforul\formshade\horzdoc\dgmargin\dghspace180\dgvspace180\dghorigin1701\dgvorigin1984\dghshow1\dgvshow1
\jexpand\viewkind4\viewscale100\pgbrdrhead\pgbrdrfoot\splytwnine\ftnlytwnine\htmautsp\nolnhtadjtbl\useltbaln\alntblind\lytcalctblwd\lyttblrtgr\lnbrkrule \fet0{\*\template C:\\WINDOWS\\Application Data\\Microsoft\\Templates\\Normal.dot}\sectd 
\linex0\endnhere\sectlinegrid360\sectdefaultcl {\*\pnseclvl1\pnucrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl2\pnucltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl3\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta .}}{\*\pnseclvl4
\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl5\pndec\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl6\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl7\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}
{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl8\pnlcltr\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}{\*\pnseclvl9\pnlcrm\pnstart1\pnindent720\pnhang{\pntxtb (}{\pntxta )}}\pard\plain \s15\ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar
\tx916\tx1832\tx2748\tx3664\tx4580\tx5496\tx6412\tx7328\tx8244\tx9160\tx10076\tx10992\tx11908\tx12824\tx13740\tx14656\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \fs20\lang1033\langfe1033\loch\af2\hich\af2\dbch\af2\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Etext of An American Papyrus: 25 Poems
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by Steven Sills
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ** This is a COPYRIGHTED Project Gutenberg Etext, Details Below **
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 **     Please follow the copyright guidelines in this file.     **
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 by Steven Sills
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The auth\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or may be contacted at: Steven Sills <s_sills.geo@yahoo.com>
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We encourage you to keep this file, exactly as it is, on your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 own disk, thereby keeping an electronic path open for future
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 readers.  Please do not remove this header information.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This header sh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ould be the first thing seen when anyone starts to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 view the etext. Do not change or edit it without written permission.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The words are carefully chosen to provide users with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 information they need to understand what they may and may not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 do with the etext\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 .
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 **Welcome To The World of Free Plain Vanilla Electronic Texts**
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 **Etexts Readable By Both Humans and By Computers, Since 1971**
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 *****These Etexts Are Prepared By Thousands of Volunteers!*****
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Information on contacting Project Gutenberg to get etexts\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 further information, is included below.  We need your donations.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation is a 501(c)(3)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 organization with EIN [Employee Identification Number] 64-6221541
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Title: An American Papyrus: 25 Poems
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Author: Stev\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 en Sills
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Release Date: October, 2003 [Etext #4545]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 [Yes, we are more than one year ahead of schedule]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 [This file was first posted on February 6, 2002]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Edition: 10
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Language: English
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Character set encoding: ASCII
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Etext of An Americ\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 an Papyrus: 25 Poems
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by Steven Sills
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 *******This file should be named papyr10.txt or papyr10.zip******
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Corrected EDITIONS of our etexts get a new NUMBER, papyr11.txt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 VERSIONS based on separate sources get new LETTER, papyr10a.txt
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We are now trying to rel\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ease all our etexts one year in advance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of the official release dates, leaving time for better editing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Please be encouraged to tell us about any error or corrections,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 even years after the official publication date.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Please note neither this listing nor it\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s contents are final til
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 midnight of the last day of the month of any such announcement.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The official release date of all Project Gutenberg Etexts is at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Midnight, Central Time, of the last day of the stated month.  A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 preliminary version may often be posted\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  for suggestion, comment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and editing by those who wish to do so.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Most people start at our sites at:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 http://gutenberg.net or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 http://promo.net/pg
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 These Web sites include award-winning information about Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Gutenberg, including how to donate, how to hel\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 p produce our new
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 etexts, and how to subscribe to our email newsletter (free!).
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Those of you who want to download any Etext before announcement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 can get to them as follows, and just download by date.  This is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 also a good way to get them instantly upon ann\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ouncement, as the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 indexes our cataloguers produce obviously take a while after an
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 announcement goes out in the Project Gutenberg Newsletter.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 http://www.ibiblio.org/gutenberg/etext03 or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ftp://ftp.ibiblio.org/pub/docs/books/gutenberg/etext03
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or /etext02, 0\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 1, 00, 99, 98, 97, 96, 95, 94, 93, 92, 92, 91 or 90
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Just search by the first five letters of the filename you want,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 as it appears in our Newsletters.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Information about Project Gutenberg (one page)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We produce about two million dollars for each hour we w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ork.  The
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time it takes us, a rather conservative estimate, is fifty hours
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to get any etext selected, entered, proofread, edited, copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 searched and analyzed, the copyright letters written, etc.   Our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 projected audience is one hundred million readers. \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  If the value
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 per text is nominally estimated at one dollar then we produce $2
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 million dollars per hour in 2001 as we release over 50 new Etext
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 files per month, or 500 more Etexts in 2000 for a total of 4000+
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 If they reach just 1-2% of the world's populati\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on then the total
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 should reach over 300 billion Etexts given away by year's end.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Goal of Project Gutenberg is to Give Away One Trillion Etext
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Files by December 31, 2001.  [10,000 x 100,000,000 = 1 Trillion]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This is ten thousand titles each to one hund\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 red million readers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 which is only about 4% of the present number of computer users.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 At our revised rates of production, we will reach only one-third
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of that goal by the end of 2001, or about 4,000 Etexts.  We need
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 funding, as well as continued efforts by\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  volunteers, to maintain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or increase our production and reach our goals.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation has been created
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to secure a future for Project Gutenberg into the next millennium.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We need your donations more than ever!
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As of J\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anuary, 2002, contributions are being solicited from people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and organizations in: Alabama, Alaska, Arkansas, Connecticut, Delaware,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Florida, Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Kentucky,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Louisiana, Maine, Michigan, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska,\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Nevada, New
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jersey, New Mexico, New York, North Carolina, Oklahoma, Oregon,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, South Carolina, South Dakota, Tennessee,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Texas, Utah, Vermont, Virginia, Washington, West Virginia, Wisconsin,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and Wyoming.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the requirements for ot\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her states are met, additions to this list
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 will be made and fund raising will begin in the additional states.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Please feel free to ask to check the status of your state.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In answer to various questions we have received on this:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We are constantly working on\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  finishing the paperwork to legally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 request donations in all 50 states.  If your state is not listed and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you would like to know if we have added it since the list you have,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 just ask.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 While we cannot solicit donations from people in states where we are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 not\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  yet registered, we know of no prohibition against accepting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 donations from donors in these states who approach us with an offer to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 donate.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 International donations are accepted!  For more information
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 about donations, please view http://promo.net/pg/donati\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on.html
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We accept PayPal, as well as donation s via NetworkForGood.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Donation checks should be sent to:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 PMB 113
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 1739 University Ave.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Oxford, MS 38655-4109
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation ha\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s been approved by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the US Internal Revenue Service as a 501(c)(3) organization with EIN
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 [Employee Identification Number] 64-622154.  Donations are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tax-deductible to the maximum extent permitted by law.  As fundraising
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 requirements for other states are met,\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  additions to this list will be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 made and fundraising will begin in the additional states.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We need your donations more than ever!
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 If you can't reach Project Gutenberg,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you can always email directly to:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Michael S. Hart <hart@pobox.com>
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Prof. Hart wi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ll answer or forward your message.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We would prefer to send you information by email.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 **Information prepared by the Project Gutenberg legal advisor**
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (Three Pages)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ***START** SMALL PRINT! for COPYRIGHT PROTECTED ETEXTS ***
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 TITLE AND COPYRIGHT NOTICE:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 An American Papyrus: 25 Poems
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by Steven Sills
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 by Steven Sills
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This etext is distributed by Professor Michael S. Hart through the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg Association (the "Project") under the "Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Gutenberg" trademark and with the permissi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on of the etext's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 copyright owner.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Please do not use the "PROJECT GUTENBERG" trademark to market
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 any commercial products without permission.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 LICENSE
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You can (and are encouraged!) to copy and distribute this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg-tm etext.  Since, unlike man\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y other of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Project's etexts, it is copyright protected, and since the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 materials and methods you use will effect the Project's reputation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your right to copy and distribute it is limited by the copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 laws and by the conditions of this "Small Print!"\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  statement.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   [A]  ALL COPIES: You may distribute copies of this etext
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 electronically or on any machine readable medium now known
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or hereafter discovered so long as you:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      (1)  Honor the refund and replacement provisions of this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Small Print!" stateme\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nt; and
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      (2)  Pay a royalty to the Foundation of 20% of the gross
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 profits you derive calculated using the method you already use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to calculate your applicable taxes.  If you don't derive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 profits, no royalty is due.  Royalties are payable to "Project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Gu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tenberg Literary Archive Foundation" within the 60 days
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 following each date you prepare (or were legally required
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to prepare) your annual (or equivalent periodic) tax return.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   [B]  EXACT AND MODIFIED COPIES: The copies you distribute
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 must either be exact\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  copies of this etext, including this
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Small Print statement, or can be in binary, compressed, mark-
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 up, or proprietary form (including any form resulting from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 word processing or hypertext software), so long as *EITHER*:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      (1)  The etext, when displayed\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 , is clearly readable, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 does *not* contain characters other than those intended by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 author of the work, although tilde (~), asterisk (*) and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 underline (_) characters may be used to convey punctuation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 intended by the author, and additional characters \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 may be used
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to indicate hypertext links; OR
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      (2)  The etext is readily convertible by the reader at no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 expense into plain ASCII, EBCDIC or equivalent form by the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 program that displays the etext (as is the case, for instance,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with most word processors)\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ; OR
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      (3)  You provide or agree to provide on request at no
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 additional cost, fee or expense, a copy of the etext in plain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ASCII.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 LIMITED WARRANTY; DISCLAIMER OF DAMAGES
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This etext may contain a "Defect" in the form of incomplete,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inaccurate or corrup\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t data, transcription errors, a copyright
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or other infringement, a defective or damaged disk, computer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 virus, or codes that damage or cannot be read by your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 equipment.  But for the "Right of Replacement or Refund"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 described below, the Project (and any othe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r party you may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 receive this etext from as a PROJECT GUTENBERG-tm etext)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 disclaims all liability to you for damages, costs and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 expenses, including legal fees, and YOU HAVE NO REMEDIES FOR
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 NEGLIGENCE OR UNDER STRICT LIABILITY, OR FOR BREACH OF
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 WARRANTY OR C\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ONTRACT, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO INDIRECT,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 CONSEQUENTIAL, PUNITIVE OR INCIDENTAL DAMAGES, EVEN IF YOU
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 GIVE NOTICE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 If you discover a Defect in this etext within 90 days of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 receiving it, you can receive a refund of t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he money (if any)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 you paid for it by sending an explanatory note within that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time to the person you received it from.  If you received it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 on a physical medium, you must return it with your note, and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 such person may choose to alternatively give you a replac\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 copy.  If you received it electronically, such person may
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 choose to alternatively give you a second opportunity to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 receive it electronically.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 THIS ETEXT IS OTHERWISE PROVIDED TO YOU "AS-IS".  NO OTHER
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, ARE \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 MADE TO YOU AS
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 TO THE ETEXT OR ANY MEDIUM IT MAY BE ON, INCLUDING BUT NOT
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 LIMITED TO WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY OR FITNESS FOR A
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 PARTICULAR PURPOSE.  Some states do not allow disclaimers of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 implied warranties or the exclusion or limitation of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 consequent\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ial damages, so the above disclaimers and exclusions
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 may not apply to you, and you may have other legal rights.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 INDEMNITY
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You will indemnify and hold Michael Hart and the Foundation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and its trustees and agents, and any volunteers associated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with the prod\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uction and distribution of Project Gutenberg-tm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 texts harmless, from all liability, cost and expense, including
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 legal fees, that arise directly or indirectly from any of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 following that you do or cause:  [1] distribution of this etext,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 [2] alteration, m\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 odification, or addition to the etext,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 or [3] any Defect.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 WHAT IF YOU *WANT* TO SEND MONEY EVEN IF YOU DON'T HAVE TO?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Project Gutenberg is dedicated to increasing the number of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 public domain and licensed works that can be freely distributed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in machine rea\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dable form.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Project gratefully accepts contributions of money, time,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 public domain materials, or royalty free copyright licenses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Money should be paid to the:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Project Gutenberg Literary Archive Foundation."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 If you are interested in contributing scan\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ning equipment or
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 software or other items, please contact Michael Hart at:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hart@pobox.com
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 *SMALL PRINT! Ver.12.12.00 FOR COPYRIGHT PROTECTED ETEXTS*END*
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Copyright (C) 2002 by Steven Sills
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 AN AMERICAN PAPYRUS: 25 POEMS
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by Steven Sills
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2            \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                    Post Annulment 2
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Afferent, the city bus cramps to the curb and brakes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Solipsistic muteness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With an exhaltation startled and choking.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the sun blazes upon the terminal's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Scraped concrete
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The shelved rows of the poor men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Hear th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e sound die on the pavement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In a gradual dying echo.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A cigarette succumbs to the voice as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Carrion brought to life; all the tattered people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 awaken;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And a man spits toward the tire of the bus,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But misses.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And as he watches his own spit vanish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the hard \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 crest of the world,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And silently scrapes his lunch pail against
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A corner of a metallic bench as if expecting the pale
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 to bleed...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And hoping it would bleed...he tries to remember the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 angles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He and his wife stood to project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The intermingled shadows that bot\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 h
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Had labeled as their marriage.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He enters the second bus:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Its coolness sedating the skin that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Overlaps his troubled mind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His thoughts pull together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like the light, cool flow of the air conditioning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He feels a little pacified.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He knows the shadow's inta\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ngible depth:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Its vastness having overpowered him these months
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Until he could not reach the logic that told him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To find himself outside its barriers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As he stares out of the window
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He wonders why she has left.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 How could she have left without indication
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Whe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n he has remained angled toward work
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 So that he and his wife can stay alive?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the bus window he sees his diaphanous face--the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 windows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the Hilton, where he has a job in maintenance,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Piercing solidly through its head.  He rings the bell.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The idea of he\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r not home, and legally annulled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From his life--her small crotch not tightened to his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desperate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thrusts--makes him feel sick.  He gets down from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bus.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He goes to work.  He suddenly knows that being in love
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 is not love.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ---------------------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ---------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                      Earth
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I use her earth to plant my seed--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 My limbs twisting around the collective molecules,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Trying to dig in.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Only the obscurity of my body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Presses so fully that it is neither
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Body nor b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed nor the intersection of both,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But euphoric traction;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And then, planted and repulsed,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Only the seam of backbone minutely faces her,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That bed of earth.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With all conscious force
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I breathe the aloneness that intangibly defines the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Air.  I swallow its ambros\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ia
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of depth and ask myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Why I ever married the woman.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There is void.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Then a hollow answer calls my name and says "it was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 time."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I realize myself in movement, parting the scene.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I use what has been planted for the reaping--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 My suit tucks me into its str\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ucture of cotton;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And soon a building will be again the structure
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Around men of cotton suits, pushing a product.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Lost, I drink my coffee alone on the stoop.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She had asked to fix me breakfast
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But I would not let her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 My miniature is one and black.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I drink \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me in when I am not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Pressed by the coffee's steam.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Cars' casketed phantoms of people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Chasing up and down Dunlavy Street of Houston
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 After something--their whole lives after something--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Come and go from consciousness like respiration.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The people plant and re\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ap.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who can count all of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Insignificant names?--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Animals that are not created sensible enough
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To propagate unless lost to frenzy,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Caught in structures without meaning.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                     Bar-Room Buddies
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We Mongoled Human experience.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We pushed it into our mouths
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the crisp pretzels of which the shape became salty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dust
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 At our tastes: the crispness of life,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And we Mongoled human experience.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The tequila, that Sandras o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 r Cassandras, or whomever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 it had beeen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 At the moment of malevolently blessing our heated and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Maddening consumption, was what we left
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Our wives for; and then hardened ourselves on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The springless cushions of the sofas of our friends
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Whom we eventually forgot\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the names of:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The wetness of human experience that we Mongoled,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And felt the bladed emptiness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of stomachs that could not consume food
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 On mornings after.  But the Angels of bar rooms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 continually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Appeared before darkened stages where, in front of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 guitars,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 W\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e played.  They apppeared at various stages to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 weeks of the years.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They came, silently whispering themselves off
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As Sandras or Cassandras;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Stared up at us for two hours; and disappeared.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The reappearance of their light enamored us, and we
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 left
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And foll\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 owed but found bats that offered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 No shelter, and often caves we could not fit into
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or were forbidden from entering.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We invested our capital
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the Silicon Valleys of this great nation.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Third-world bitches, in factories, became sick for our
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 chips.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We held \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 power.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We bred metals and bought the ownership titles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of properties, but could not find a home of the world.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We married again and brought forth children
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who were duplicate strangers of ourselves.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ----------------------------------------------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ----------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                            The Retarded
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Legs clamp around the rim--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The whole seated body sticking slightly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As moaning howls come from his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Paralyzed mouth.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It is after having
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Put him to bed for a nap, and then the pot,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That this w\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 oman who would dab the bile
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From his bed like one who napkins a spill from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A tablecloth, does not clean away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The substance behind the smell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Which predominates over the bathroom urinal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And aggravates his senses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 No woman to do these tasks,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And then to rim h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 er hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Under the butt;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 No woman to drag him from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The pot,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 After she has had his body bent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Toward her for the wiping,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And flop him onto the bench
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the shower; no woman...
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She sits, cigarette limp in her mouth,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thinking that the day has almost ended.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the stars she stares out at
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the living room of the group home
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She remembers are other earths limping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Half-free in the grips of other
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dying suns.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                       \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2   Houston
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In Houston's summers the gods
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Use the clouds as urinals
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For three minutes daily.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In Houston the Boat-People
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Come from planes.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Inner-city--intermingled and alone
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like its green Buffalo-Bayou
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Strewn only in the imaginations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of those who run alon\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g it briefly.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A mile from the bayou
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The settled imagination of a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nine year-old Vietnamese girl
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Allows a mangled brown horse
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To elongate and flatten out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the reality of the rolled up carpet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (All because of the rain).
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She feels the wetness now beginning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 T\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 o seep into her clothes;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She raises herself; she sees the old Cuban
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Walking from the house with hands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the sky, as if to make the heavens appear a little
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the manner that the downtown buildings,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From Dallas Street on, by their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Stories of windows\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  draw down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the sky's enormity from measurement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Both extensive and inadequate;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And she follows him.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Apart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And yet they both think about the Vietnamese
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Teenager with curlers in her hair
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who yells "boo" behind doors
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That are entered;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Cambodian boy who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  the view of the Montrose area
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Pours on the bare shrubs,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And then strips and pours upon himself,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The water from a hose, and that both animal and plant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Glisten in the sun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As if they have been greased;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Falling into Houston's world of high buildings
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 descending planes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 While hoping that the big world would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Not overpower their memories;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the Cubans, in house #2 always yelling of "Miami."
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They believe that Cambodian refugees
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Always clean house #1,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That Africans never clean themselves,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and that Laotian\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s often pour rice down the drains
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Causing the faucets of the house to stop-up;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And that the welcome-center Manager
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Does not care to bring over a little clothing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And a little food or take them on little trips
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the Social Security Office or the doctor's of\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Past 5 p.m.--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But of different seconds in that minute,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Different lengths, and various perceptions.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She remembers the ugly man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In Vietnam that ran from the police
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And then a scar around his eye
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Opened from the clubs and the blood
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Tried to escape him co\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mpletely
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the body attempted to pull itself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the street, and could not.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He remembers thinking that the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Cranium of an old man is always heavy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 On the neck, and that his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Is becoming like this.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He desires to clasp the gate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That is around the Hispanic ce\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 metery
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And watches the cars on Allen Parkway, below,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Curve and toward the sun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Become a gleam moving endlessly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And instantly gone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He desires to arrive there and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Read a few tombstones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Before and after watching.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She desires to imagine horses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Carrying her awa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y from here to the West,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And other horses following with her family behind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She desires to follow the Cuban that she fears
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Since he is moving away from the refugee houses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There are no horses in inner-city; and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Hispanic cemetery cannot be found
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To soul\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s wanting to rest there.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Este cerca de calle Alabama?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He wonders,.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The rain stops.  The hammers and saws
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 peel their sounds from a roof.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And he notices her steps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Despite the stronger sounds; halts;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And glances behind him as shingles fall ahead,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 While wan\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ting her to completely leave him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And wanting her to come with him.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In Houston's summers,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 At certain areas, shingles like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The god's shit falls from housetops
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the dung dries in the air,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Flattens, and ricochets to sidewalks.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In Houston Cubans pack
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From r\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 efugee houses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And plan to fly away into America, and depart
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Far from the Castilian hot-dog vender
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of Herman Park waiting for
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The thirsty and hungered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And those ignorant of what they want
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But know that they want something
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And so come to buy from her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who wan\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ts people to come to her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For more than the chips
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Because the hotdogs are overpriced,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who formulates
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That she is unskilled
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And that a computer course would answer it all;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Far from the Netherland psychologists who
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Stares at her ebony reflection
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In Rothko Ch\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 apel's dyed pool;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Apart from others, and no-one, all
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Pulling alone for humanity to both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Come and go from their lives.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                            The Politics of Herb's Woman
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Waitresses lightly frisbeeing out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dishes of breakfasts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Catching glimpses of Colonel North's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Photos on the front sides
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of customers' papers and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Formulating judgments
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of rebel or martyr
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From an appearance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And a few words that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Drifted in when the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Hands rel\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 axed plates to table mats;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Farmers wishing the seeds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To suddenly open to be plucked up faster
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 So that they are not
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The last ones laid in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 By their hands;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Little "third-world" nations of people hoping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For the great debtor nation to continental-drift
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To bankr\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uptcy, painless and alone;
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And nearly empty of thoughts--Herb's woman, Jeanie,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Behind the Ellison Building standing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With concrete drilling its stiffness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Through her soles.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There had been a time--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With face raised from her age-smelted pose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the ever firm\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  stories of that building--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That she would think of receiving
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her paycheck  so she could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Go to K-Mart and have something.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But now years on top of each other,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Uncountable to her,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She continues guiding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The few of the masses of cars
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That turn into the lot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Whe\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 re to park: in winters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Conscious of the visibility
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of her cold breathing,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And summers with the scents
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of greased telephone poles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And sights of light gleaming off
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Car windows, she thinks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of buying old junk from garage sales
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For her yard sales, with the same\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  prices,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 So as to recall the sounds of human voices
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Other than her own.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                 Brumfield
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His job was a novitiate where there was no operator's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 man\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ual
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With which to have faith in, and no rules
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But to move with the dustmop pushed before him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Along the empty corridor, and then down a staircase
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Where he could descend to more passive depths in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cleaning.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 At home he would smell the odor of his bare feet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 co\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ming to him;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Would see the blue under his toe nail that looked like
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 marble;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And these would be dominant sensations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Though he would be vaguely aware of them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Beneath his bended legs he would sweep his hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To capture a fuller scent as his fingers would flic\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 k
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To capture a fuller scent as his fingers would flick
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His unshaven face.  Then in his only room where the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bare mattress
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Was lain along with his leather jacket
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the dirty underwear cuddled around a clean
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 toilet--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Where the Rosary hung on a wall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 guitar leaned in a corner--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he would do his push-ups.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Most of those early mornings some train
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Would pour its breath to the weeds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 At the edge of the tracks, losing them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In sound and mist of a voice
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Screaming out, alone,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Through the cold and the living.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  arms would tremble
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With the body weakening, and then demobilized, to the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 floor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Before the count of fifty.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Through the fogged condensation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the upper corners to a window
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He would glance up at the train--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Each car imagined as the girlfriend, Cindy,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  seminary, which he never
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Grasped or rejected and so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They slipped away;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or his mother, who with cancer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Began to close herself off to him--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Grasping one of those trains appearing at the time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With the familiarity of two strangers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who recognized each other's \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 desire to remain such.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                               Oracion A Traves De Gasshole
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                (Patron Saint of Respiratory Therapy Workers)
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Saturday.  All the same:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A si\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lvery grey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thin and undistinguishable
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From skies to parking lot
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In exact shadow; and he finds his car.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The lid, laced in rust,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 By the turn of the key,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Parts the grey as it pulls up;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The grocery bag is dropped into the hole;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the ground beef slaps down o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n the floor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the trunk as if a second slaughter,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Its grounded nerves convulsing it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A couple of inches nearer the oil stain.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That meat, in body, that last moment
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 After consciousness has severed itself;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Skin peeling under the fur, hidden,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But not from the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 last hot beams ahead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of emerging dusk, becoming crisp
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And then soaking up the hot blood, as the trachea,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With the last of the air drawing in,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 begins to fold its walls; and he could imagine it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like he could imagine, from unexact memories,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The woman, last ni\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ght
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 At the hospital, whom he began to like--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her body pulling cell by cell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Apart before he had a chance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To finish the rescue with the hose
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Descending the nostril as a rope,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and then flushing out mucus.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He gives the ground beef an air-born somersault to th\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bag
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And closes the lid that is connected to the vague
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 light bulb of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 trunk.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Gasshole's reflection on the trunk lid
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Is lank and curved; the appearance of his face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With its facial tip of the nose and its greased
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Separation of hair like a wet muskrat\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  in a metallic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reflection.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His face moving away, he sees an old Hispanic man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who walks from the area of cars carrying two bags
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of groceries in an embrace that could be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For weighty children; he thinks "The senescent,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Carless, careless baws--turd!  A campesi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 no!,"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And he envisions himself as that: having to pull out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the thorns
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That pierce through his tennis shoes as he shovels
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 scattered cacti leaves from out of the back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the pickup to his animals;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And living in the dry ravine surrounded by houses made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of woo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That had been patted loosely together like adobes,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 beside
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The families of the kiln workers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who with him eat out Land's blessings
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And piss and shit out onto her graces,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But himself happily not knowing the language of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Mexican people...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Himself not want\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ing to know the language
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of any people that his sister, Cindy, and college pal,
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dave Broom-Up-The-Butt
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Echo.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He does not wish to think of them
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or the vaginas that are not his to put on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or the illusive woman who would be sick with him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 like a child lying o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n the sofa in fever and hoping
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That in the shadows on the wall and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Passing sounds that are concentrated on her mind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 One will bring deliverance--only placing the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 deliverance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 On him and yet loving him for himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Beyond that need. And while unlocking the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  door of his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 car
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He feels that the recreation in life is also a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 routine:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A routine of sharing and parting,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And at the end one is grounded and tossed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Before the validity of his own
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Perceptions is resolved.  But he is alive,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Now; and he will put away his gro\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ceries;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Read a chapter of his Biblia,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A cenotaph of the dead..
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 maybe a verse; think of forgetting mass
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and mailing in his tithing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And to veg' himself away a few hours
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Before he would have another night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of throats, lungs and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The air of the masses.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                Come
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (Camp Wonderland for the Retarded, Lake of the Ozarks)
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Grabbing the already read letter,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Slipping out hot and wet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the bare mattress--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  Sweet Pea's turds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Right before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His psychomotor seizures,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Only without a softness to stub myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Into--stiff and hard I drop
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the cold rim of the bunk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (Even if I awaken
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The idiots below).
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With non-syllables and vowellessness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A pitch that is language en\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ough
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To keep this man, Jim,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From wherever
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The unassimilated disappear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Howls "He does not want me here"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 While its flesh of Jim beats the plastic urinal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 On the walls barricading a pillowed head.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The joke is on him this time...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 All over him for the next hours\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 .
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The letter's impression
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Writes and rewrites in my mind:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Come, my sister calls to our father
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like Ronnie's suppositories butting back.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Only suppositories are meant to do so.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Come, she speaks to me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the shrink
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Shall put in touch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 All that he did to us.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Tripping over Keith's mattress
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I step out in humid silence
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And wipe my cheeks.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Two cabins, beside ours, simultaneously fry
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bugs in blue, electric lights.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Keith, a crippled rocking horse of autism,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Scrapes the feet of his vibrating body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the bench wher\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e I sit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sit, Keith; go back to bed, Keith;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Go to the bathroom, Keith:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In this camp I shape the minutes of his life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To some acceptable pattern.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He rubs his hands together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As if trying to spark fire
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For the inhabitants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of his imaginary world.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Stop that, Kei\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 th, I say.  Sit, Keith.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Keith sits:  There is no coming out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For him after twenty years
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This way,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or perhaps for me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The pale gas lamps are strewn around
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A small area of limbs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In a corner of the sky--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 All but patches are aflame
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like a roof of a tent around
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The stakes, ready to break off
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And fall.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Rock, Keith,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the sun is stroked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 So far into the lap of the night,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suffocating and as good as gone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The folding and unfolding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of a crinkled letter into squares;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The imagining of the counselor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of cabin four
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And wh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at a pulse would have created
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 If her head had drowsed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To my hand on the back of her seat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 On our way here;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The general silent howling of "Come!"--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Keith does not cripple to this.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He has no sister that calls a stranger back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To erase and draw back
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Them both.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He does not say "come!"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 All hours.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He comes.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                A Gentleman's Right
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He must have thought
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That there was some covenant of the old
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That bound eac\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 h to move around it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In a square orbit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he was fifty now, so there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Must not have been any question:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Lessen the speed at the train tracks;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Stumble his car over their ribs;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Swerve closely to the drive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 At a slower pace, and hope
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That where men dodge the bumpi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of their tails from Parks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For a private club,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That one would come
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Out from the doors, partnerless.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 If not, he would have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To go around the block
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Another time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like other old fags before--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The railway crippling with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Its iron in each return raising,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Crackin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g up from the skin of the street;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Limbs of that bar's tree
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Waving down (some
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the windshield), warning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thoughts that the energy of youth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Had some pivotal focus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Made each imagined man to him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like a lollipop,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 but the parks would not do:
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There the man wit\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 h the smashed fender
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Might be obligated to 69
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A winner without a face--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a drag race ending in the winner's backseat,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And on his tools which would rib in.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And inside that bar where women snuggle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Away their faces in equality,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And where men rotate hips on the\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  dance floor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like an earth's axes...this would not do:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For there were no friends to affect
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Mutually and faggishly in embraces;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the young and sensitive
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Were Oriental and fonder
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the cigarettes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They put in their faces
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the beers that suddenly appear\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Before them. This would not do:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Mouth-hugging the earth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 On its bulge of life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or moving to songs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Where the dances never end.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He was an old fag and must retain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A square orbit.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It, at least,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Was a gentleman's right
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And in accordance with the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Manner of the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 fags.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The block was long.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the shadows and oblique actualities
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He felt its length.  His stomach tightened
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In fear of the length.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                     Transitional Mendaciti\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 es
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 No, the supremity of having been split off from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A larger entity by being spit out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From pussy lips while
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Reeking pain and havoc
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like a living tongue pulled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From aperture and den
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Is not sign enough
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That he is meant
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To be sustained
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As an integral part o\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f the world,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Unique and indispensable.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thinking about how much longer
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He will need to play out the day
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That issue is not his, and never has been.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "The job was done"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He could say, later,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 After the storm.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Hand-limp,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His broom dance sweeps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Upended under an em\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 pty park bench--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dirt caught under
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The tongues of his feet--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 So his paycheck
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Will come in the mail
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And become bank figures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He can suck from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To keep he and his woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Housed and fed, and well enough
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To legally rape each other in embraces,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Forgetful of their \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lives.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The man has a son,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and stands nights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aching behind an assembly line,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sleeping the days away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 While his son goes to school.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The son thinks his father
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Is thoughtless and dirty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And his mother a grease-bitch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For marrying him.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The son grows up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Between hi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s college books,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And begins to put it together:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A society of men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Wanting to take a variety
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of stimulating produce--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Though some were more the makers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Than the takers;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The image of rightness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In a man putting his hormones
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the making of a company
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In a famil\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 y; a family
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That needs a provider to survive;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A man honorable and trapped
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And there are nights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He awakens, gagging at the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sudden thought of a man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Next to him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who had engaged his body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In a lower form of sharing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And he wonders if embracing a world
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of ideas\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  can be done
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When all things cannot be believed;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 If humanism is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Energy vented
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To avoid futility;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And what grossness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He would have to justify next--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 All on those nights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When self-perspectives
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Are swept under in change.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 -------------------------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 -------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                               Man of Coal
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You knew it was coming:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Twenty-three years and the mine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Would notice you one time,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Photocopied.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A voice below bellows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Your name, Dave,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Into the settling air of coal du\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 st.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 After you shut off the engines
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And descend beneath the dragline's skeletal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nose which canopies like a skyscraper on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Its side in mid-air
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You confront a face
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You cannot see in the descending sun.  Shadow-still,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Enormous might engulfing over you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the h\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eight of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The dragline's triple-tank wheels,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You see him--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The heels on his leather boots
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Locked in the train-track grooves of dirt.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As he hands the notice to you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Its stiffness shakes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In your calloused hand.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You know that what is left of the day
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Is becomin\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 g cold; and despite the smell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of dirt there is a scent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of watermelon in the damp air,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Although you do not know it as that smell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or that there is a smell at all, really.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And yet a faintness of some half-knowledge
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That touches its weight lightly in your mind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Drags itself into places you cannot touch.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Pulling out of his shadow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You think of how you might hand
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This sheet to your wife
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like a child presenting to his mother
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 An award from school:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Your wife screaming laughter of relief
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As she hugs the paper to her b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 reast;
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or how your strong hand might sweat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As you pick up the receiver of the ringing phone,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Expecting that after saying "Hi"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That one of your college children's voices would end
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The conversation there
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For you to hand the vibrations
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To your wife--but inst\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ead
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That child
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Congratulates you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For no longer destroying the land.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The noon hour whistle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Vibrates the walls
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the hollow heavens
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the cab; the thermos-well
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of soup, sitting on your lap, you cannot see, but
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You feel its stillness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Stagnating and absorbi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The contaminating minerals
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the tin, walling in the contents;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And still you want to turn on the ignition
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To finish out one more complete day
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the twenty-three years here
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of hard work.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The quandary then snaps, and you escape.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When out of the valley y\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ou enter the truck
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And close the door--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The second time harder, and it latches.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You turn the key
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the truck bounces to the highway.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You stop at the sign;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Stop the motor while
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Still on the dirt road;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But in the end turn left, again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Home.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                Maddog
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (Or Death to the Barbie-Dame Image)
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You said that it happened--that day you ran away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From a self you buried underneath the ice-packed snow,
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 All tho\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 se cold years ago--when your last friend, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Had put an end to the Gabriele whom I've never known.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Friend, like yourself a Barbie Dame, became totally
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lame and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Withdrew out the door when you needed more hands to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 keep
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Your epileptic roommate}{\cf6 
\par }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From sma\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shing her head on the floor.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Gabriele, held together by the stitching of hate--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The plastic-eyed polar bear with the stiff arms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That the factory of the human race mutantly created--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This time it will be you who shall feel the wall of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 artificial
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Fur ripped\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  from its threads, and your stuffing falling
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 out.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For a little maddog on top of four joints
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Makes a person see the unsealed human fragments
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That had been smoothed over in time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like a million and some bone fractures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The milk of approval had swum into and co\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 vered over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 for looks.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For me fragmenting came yesterday when I saw a welcome
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mat
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Iced over and yet I entered:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Your house was hot and your oven smelled of baking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 meatloaf
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Although you had said that you could not be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 domesticated.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And then I saw your bottle \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of wine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Standing at attention before two glasses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The pledge that bowing to anything or anyone was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wrong...that people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Were only needed to gain the most bare
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of physiological and psychological needs (pitstops to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 being
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 human)--this was
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Gone with your \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hair brushed and your skin smelling of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 perfume
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For some other man than me.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Come on Gabriele, the gal that used to chew tobacco
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Spit it into an empty beer can...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The gal with the deep dark-ocean eyes...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The maddog gal, grip that wine glass now.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For Gab\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 riele, you smile at everyone with meaning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You are as together as a feather when a hurricane is
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in town,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And when the hangover's over and your own insight has
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Fragmented you from a million pieces to a billion,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 My stiff polar bear arms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Shall poke and not emb\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 race.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I sit back at this party I am hosting--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 My back firmly pushing against the back of my chair,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And my head and eyes cocked.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You all are the performers this time...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And Gabriele, you are the main attraction,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Attracted, after this night, to the omni-pre\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 sent sense
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Smashed self; and me--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sensitive little me in no man's land
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Where no man wanted to grasp me from...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And no woman--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Mended back together in thy survivalistic polar bear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 image.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 -------------------------------------------------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 -------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                               Becky's Demon
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 "Something happened.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 i don't have those visions anymore."
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And you believe with a mind like Papa believed with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When i told him i could see things
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Clearly before they actually
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Were.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His back\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  and forth pacing from those same two
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 windows--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Which had been like a toy soldier powered on a human
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 battery
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With a three minute's stand at one, and then the next,
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Suddenly stopped.  For i was different.  You anointed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And cast me out.  i was alone.  Yo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 u caused me to hide
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Beside a pitchfork in the shadows of the corners of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the barn.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Yes.  Papa stopped.  His eyes moved.  i'd never seen
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 his eyes move
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Before.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They stared down at me.  My child's eyes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Below--and he aimed his for them as a fisher for prey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lear waters.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 i backed up behind the pipe of the kitchen stove..
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But with one stretch he reached his arm over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like a bear's paw that in force comes down like a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Redwood.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 my knee aching as if broken, i crutched up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the other side of the room, beside the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 door....
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Then, bending on my knees the next conscious second--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Feeling the blood of knee caps sticking to hay and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 dirt--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Seeing the sun poke like sticks through rafters and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cobwebs--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thinking i grabbed a hold on the sunlight which could
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Lift me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Up like a r\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ope; but grasping the pitchfork--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Raising the pitchfork--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Pitching the pitchfork--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 After hearing the creaking and scraping of the opening
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 barn door
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Plowing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The top soil of the dry earth.  Thinking:  he would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 never kill
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 my shadowy corner.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 II
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And in this pl\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ush chair of the Bishop's office i sit a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 decade
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And a half later--a Salem witch of the west explaining
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dull, trembling self before three Mormon men bending
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 above
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But you don't understand me, as if anyone ever has.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 i had psychic abilities.  But you \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 don't want them, so
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 they're
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Gone;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And i'm good.  i no longer believe, Bish'y, that I saw
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Benson
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dying
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And Yourself rising above the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Twelve.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But You're still scared of me.  You only want to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 anoint me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And cast me out.  You only want me to hide in a barn,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  belong to shadows.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You call my abilities a possession of a demon.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Papa doubted i could see; and you see me as perverted.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But you do see that i see...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That i have something with some power.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You and the Missionaries lay your hands on me...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 me who left my \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Protestant roots so as to be rooted in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 your
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Family.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You put your cold hands on my forehead,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Trying to vacuum out my psychic abilities,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Which i tell you are no longer--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Trying to take away my saying that i'm okay...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 i'm good.  Speak to me.  Don't cast me ou\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 t and leave.
\par 
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2              Where, Oh Where, Did The Mall-Lady Go?
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They wanted her to drop her thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As naturally as her underpants fell, after they were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Over the hips,\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  so the steaming winds of her daily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 showers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Could clear her of encroaching stain
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As she had been cleared away.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They were a function, ignorant of their thinking,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 charting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Charts.  She felt she would have to ignore these
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 doctors and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nurses in the mental war\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She would have to ignore the pacing patients
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Asking cigarettes from her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The hall was rectangular.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Everyone moved rectangularly.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She would go to dreams of past realities
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Where she was watching the shoppers' reflections
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As they passed mall's little foun\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tains--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Different types of people-reflections but all silvery
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the still of the waters,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Happy and part of the lives of the mall.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She would imagine herself sitting on a metal bench--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 packages of her new clothing pulling on arms and chest
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like the recalli\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ng torpor that came more easily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To her lower legs; the weight of the mink that arched
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Her aching shoulders more like a lady;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And a small sack of chocolate stars
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Touching her upper neck--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Wondering what packages her fellow-creatures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bought to be brought hom\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 e and to whom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They brought them to.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And then, as the locks of solitude clicked in her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 consciousness,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Came the wondering of where, oh where,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Did the Mall-Lady go?
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2            \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                     Savior-Searcher In The Bible-Belt
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I can see you in those dry moments, then
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As clearly as if I were there: staring at the cracks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the white ceiling above the bedpost, wondering if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You will slip down three flights to the outer darknes\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 s
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like your ex-Mormon roommate, here.  Your visual mind,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Against your will, probably thinks about your squirm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That a few moments ago squirmed you of your juice,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Wiggled her skirt back on, resurfaced the lip-spit
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Crackup in her concrete of makeup, and word\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 less,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Walked like a princess out the door.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the last of the ecstatic vibrations tides you in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the rear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You arise from the raft of the mattress.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Then you cover up your nakedness,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And move to the light of the living room.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And then I actually see you, Don, \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the hour that you
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 had told
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Me to step back in.  You are bending over the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 end-table stained
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the blood of wine.  Sunlight, stripped silver from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the grey
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Clouds, pours through the window to the table.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To your right a nine of swords card of a man pierced
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Back gleams as it walls the card of your future
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lovers.,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the redness of Doctrines and Covenants to the far
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 left of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That table also looks pure in the light.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You do not see me.  Your mind is racked in screwing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the pack
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For an answer.  You turn an\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 other Tarot Card
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the order your destiny is to be read.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Your sad eyes look up
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And your languid voice says that you are late
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 For your meeting with the local Bishop...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A meeting to straighten up your fucking life.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I laugh!  In bitterness that shakes my in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 testines, I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 laugh!
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Another hillbilly man
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Has lifted his head above the rest--a foot up from the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 jug--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And has blown his breath into the air
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Which 'naps another young and fragmented one
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the call of being holy.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But before you arise
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 You turn the gleaming c\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ard of number four--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Your eyes in a more motionless trance than before.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                New England Washing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2         (Mental Account, Some day of Gorbechev, 19\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 87)
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Another hour.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There is no circulation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Beneath the steering wheel for my feet.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Outside myself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There is the last of the sun at dusk
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But like the conquering Hsuing-Nu
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Pushing themselves beyond a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Great Wall and through an eternal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Gathering, it is hardly \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 felt.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There is nothing great to trouble me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And nothing substantial descends on my senses,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Giving me thoughts other than the fact I'm thinking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nothing:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Only
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A flock of birds in the corner of my left eye
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Blend down with the grey skies
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As if the fence barrica\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ding
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The farm land does not pertain to them;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thoughts of the center line
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And not going over it.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Days of Gorbechev, the radio speaks of,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But not his nights--where, one time
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He may have smashed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A big, red cigarette in an ashtray
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With an action stiff and slow\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And as he stood up the mattress of his bed may have
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Raised to touch his rear, again,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like a quick and soothing give-me-five handshake;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And opening a window of the embassy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To escape the stuffy dryness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of electric heat to his suite,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He may have let the coo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 l American air
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Attack him with the smells and sights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of its diplomatic car exhausts,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Grey and orange from street lamps
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And store lights...and how
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The nation breathed for once as it moved.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The third: road; cows, like islanders;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Multi-tinted bladed fields b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 roken by acres
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of forests and pastures; a black-sun scene with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Car lights; a vision blurred and pebbled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Through the windshield--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A truck passes my pinto;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Muddy water slapping its face;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Its stick eyes smoothing it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To a duller complexion.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It isn't yet Christ\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mas
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And I am going home.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 My parents one day drooped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In front of all, and were old--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 We should be having much to say...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I, thinking like them, with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The mind of the world,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And us smiling unhappily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And speaking none of that:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But a lot will be said.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I am a bum\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 .
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 One of their hearts shall give in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And their marriage will be a farce...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Even in car accidents the married
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Die separately.  And then the widowed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Mother, smoking the cigars of her husband,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And coughing them as the husband had done
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But in the apartment of t\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he son, might
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Visit away her life:  I would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bring her there, thanking God for a reason
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Not to try hiding all of me in some pussy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As in daylight the main part
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Goes into underwear.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This is their town
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Far from trays with saucers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And plates and spoons and for\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ks
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (Sometimes hardened in scalloped potatoes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or bent) and knives and glasses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (Glasses sometime with folded bread inside)...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But forever coming down the belt for the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dumping and washing...the trays that disappear
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In a square hole and come out clean
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Will con\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 tinue regardless if I am there.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Men fuck virgins; a child-worker
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Is born and all is holy.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 There is nothing great to trouble me:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The rains that drop and drift next
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To streets in gutters, take away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Smashed Pepsi cups and beer cans
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Without intent, bound God k\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nows where,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But out of sight.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2           The San Franciscan's Night Meditations
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When I am at a dead-lock
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In your rear and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 language of my body
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Will not come from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The thi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 rd element of the soul,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 What am I to say?--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 'ALL BUT ONE DEAD:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Mexican immigrants celebrating the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Stowing away on a 120 degree boxcar
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With urine in their stomachs,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Acknowledging capitalistic thirsts...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sigue sobre pagina"..
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Double hubble
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The peso is in tro\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 uble
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And to Mars
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 America plans
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Jumping over the moon,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And all this has disturbed me!"
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The night is full of impulses
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To live and to run and seep heavily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Into its dark robes of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Silence and morbid rightness;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And as I, again, try to thrust on dryly--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A log wi\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 thout a river traveling it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To the product of lumber--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and hope to create love in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The smackings of night,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like anyone else, I know that soon
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I am to apologize for lack
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of an ejaculation,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And will promise to have a counselor
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Tame me to the exclusion of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 All b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ut work and lust.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sounds of people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Kicking around the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Night of early morning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Beneath my lover's window;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And I withdraw under the sheet,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lying flat with the dead moonlight.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2              The Philosophy Of Rita And Herb
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Staring fixed at the rows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of flowered
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Wallpaper a pale gray
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the dark efficiency--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The three walls still absent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To her consciousness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As a shadow of silver lightning
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Fades the greyness
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of one portion in her v\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 iew--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The "schitzophrenic" lifts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 up a cigarette hidden behind
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 An ashtray and the flat ground
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of ashes on the table, which
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Skid and resurface with her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Hot breathing.  She thinks they are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Continents drifting, and herself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Upon them.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From feeling stiff and pus\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 hed under--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Numb to the point of a corpse--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With insecurity enough not to remember,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Even, her ABC's, Rita runs into the night
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Where outside of a window
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She blesses the workers making
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Colonial bread.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 An old man in a cowboy hat, Herb,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Is saddled on the wood\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 en railing of a porch
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To an apartment complex: seated there beside a
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 remembrance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of a young woman like Rita.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And in the spitting fumes; bad-muffler sounds;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The rocking phallicism in radio music of passing cars,
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He feels he has to move or die
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And gets down
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To his pickup.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And Rita, upon dawn and upon the end of rain,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Walks the streets again after tiring,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Ready to go back and confront the curfew-conscious
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Group home, and the "zero" on her record full of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Zeros.  She worries about carrying in her womb
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A mini-H\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 erb with scabs of grey hair
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And little pot-holes in his tiny face,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Though she is still a virgin.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                Estivation
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Weekends in Tranquility Park--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 W\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ith the downtown buildings, hallways of giants
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 clustered,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Exhaling the coolness echoed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the rectangular mouths of doors
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Opened and closed by cityers--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A coolness came over my thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The way lack of wind contains
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The hastening of Yosemite's flames.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 T\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 here, diurnal and punctual, she crossed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That small area of grass, fountains, and cement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Which were generally buffeted more fully by sun and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 adjacent
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sounds, moving the park more than Bush and Dukakis'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Presence.  "WALK" was always lit when la chica
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Approach\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ed the street, carrying her library books.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When would she, artificial and pneumatic,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who like Houston's miniature stop-lights
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 While going to work, veer my movements
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To slide off a plane ticket and be led
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Through and from burning Amazons
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And green-house cli\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mactic changes--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Through wasted ozone and my own depleted life--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The breath of her mouth my only nourishment.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Masking tape
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From hurricane threats
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Remains at the edges of windowpanes;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Palm trees, below, are hybrid to cement;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thuc Nguyen's business report f\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 igures
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Blend and bury themselves as distant sounds;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The staff meeting and this cigarette industry are
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gone.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Slid off a plane ticket caught in life's winds
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Restless     No friends for real
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 All wanting something from me
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The outside world has nothing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Except l\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ife-ending amusements of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sex to escape void
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The dead have some solidity of truth
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 About what happens after life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Even if they are not aware of it,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the rest breathe in fables
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Everything is surely unchanged in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Springfield, Mo., where I was raised,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But none\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of it is mine
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Nothing is ours--humanity drifts along
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And intersects briefly in alliances      My friends
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Are co-workers whom I must expire
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 My life with civilly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As we light cigarettes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And bitch of no new raises
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When would she pull on my arm
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Tugging me tho\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 roughly into breaking glass
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the 12th floor conference room
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To fall, putting me out violently,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When I can no longer dream
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                Mid-West Hymn of A\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ten
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Aten, where it is throned on the television beneath
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the window,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Sees above and below and says nothing:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It enjoys the woman secretary and the road constructor
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who from opposite shifts of the sun
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Come to it, the cat;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Follow the roaming in its mansion;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Pensively laugh as it clings to hundred dollar drapes;
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Feed it holiday popcorn on the throne;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And close the drapes that the cat, Aten
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Had opened by its tugging,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And will open again:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Opening below
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Where the woman, statue of her liberty
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Wedged in\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  a mud layered hill of snow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Ankle-thrusts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The tilt of her body after a moment of standing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 still:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Face looking in the trash receptacle that her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 flabby
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Breasts rest on the rim of and point toward; head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 bowed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      To the tin; And mind dist\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 inguishing between good
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Bad trash.  Her hands raise from the snow-blended
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Mixture to push back the hair that was intimate
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 with trash.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      She raises her head and glances up at the sky
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      She had noticed a few seconds earlier; and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 won\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ders
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      Of the person who would throw away a nightgown
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      And wilted plants, dented but unopened cat food,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      And scattered baby pictures--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      But the cold wind pushes further into her rashed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 cheeks;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      And she drops the gown before she can menta\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 lly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 conceptualize
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2      The woman's possible image  She digs further
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 and...
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And opening Above where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Two crossing jet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Had each made an element
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of a cross in the skies---
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A third, now, and the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Heavens appear to play
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Tick-tack-toe with their bad arts,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Or do n\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ot know how to push out caulk neatly
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When hoping to seal out the heavens.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                McConico
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Through the hazy waters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of his hot bath, looking, he tho\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ught
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That his woman's pubic hairs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Should naturally have come out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 More permed like his,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Regardless of her color.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The door being shut and locked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With a rifle in front--still he heard
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the living room a forum of senators'
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Televised voices discussing laws\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of limits
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In openness and freedoms
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And ramifications.  He did not understand--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the mirrors steamed, dripped
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Down from the air conditioning's touch, and resteamed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When it shut off;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And when he wondered what home owners
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Had used the bathtub before
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And wh\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 at disease might be
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dropping from the cracks around the faucet--that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The fags would push down the American way of life.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He did not argue that if they were isolated
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the mainstream, their liquids might get off on
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 any
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Products as they worked for the cost\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  of their
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 isolation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In, for example, a barren region of Texas;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And that the isolated would, by the testing of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Virus, be proven witches
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 So there would not have to be witch hunts--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 No, he just felt their destruction.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And he thought of his woman
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the b\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 edroom, waiting, and became
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Forgetful of anything
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But the desire to have her.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They had that freedom.  The American constitution
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Said so---freedom to live and breathe
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And fuck and fuck..
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Fuck so hard that the penis would
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Knive through the condom
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And spray-p\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 aint the man's name
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 On the dull walls of the vagina.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 They had that freedom--those inalienable rights--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Her to be banged and to squeal
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To her friends that she was in love
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And him to white pussy
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And a gal that he could call his own...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His woman.  And if the \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 initial M got ready
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To graffito-crawl his way out--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A problem for the rest of their years---
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She could erase it, not remembering it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With any more significance than
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Having clipped a broken end
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of a fingernail.  She had that right.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Her man said so, and so sa\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 id
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The American constitution.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His shift in Toastmaster
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Had for that day ended,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And so now he could rest in waters;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Focus on the bubbles that rose
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When he farted; and let the memories
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the entire day be released to rise and fall
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like the steam.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He would \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 have to scrub himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Good before going to his woman:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 She understood money
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With its charm of a cocaine high--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Although the need for dominance
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the breaking of rules
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Made her love him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who still did not supply her with all of her needs--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But the composite\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  smell of the factory and the drugs
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That he sold after each shift
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Would lessen the good feelings that made
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 That understanding.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                               Beauty Shop Moti\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 f
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Taking the boat two hundred miles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With her Ozark loving husband
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Not having the key
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And why I don't use
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The hair dye she prescribed--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The one I had bought from
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Her last time--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I say, "Yes, Honey"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And watch her lips through the mirror speed on.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 My back a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ches in the chair stiff as a board.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Have I gotten as old as this?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Have I started saying, "Yes, Honey?"
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Conscious of slight pains and discomforts--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Words as silent racing of lips.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Another shampoo is ground harder
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the grey hair of my scalp.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The long gray \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 weeds that grow out of it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Will be chopped off another two inches more
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Than what I asked her to do.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In a room of old women, like me,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Who let the buzz of dryers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And loud beautician speakers
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Keep their minds active from remembering,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 My bored and wayward eyes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 See in the mirror
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 (Now seated in a once empty chair next to mine)
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A young one:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Her fidgeting body willfully captivated;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Hair held high and hostage;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Curlers stiffly tightened;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Bulges diluvial by Cylenderic Bottle
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Held ungodly above her head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And squeezed by\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  gentle but firm hands
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of a male beautician--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And I remember that the noxious liquid}{\cf6 
\par }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dribbles under Cotton Crowns
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Around one's head
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the eyes water from the sting
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of this thing called love.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Somehow I want to warn her
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Although she may not be a stranger
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  being whitewashed
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In a man's liquids
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the click-of-the heels logic
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of women, as if
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 One's whole damaged life
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Can be bounced from a mirror
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In and to all women
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like an SOS.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 --------------------------------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                               Sculpting of Winds
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 It was as if certain people came in.  Those disliked
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Disregarded and the rest kind of circled in and out
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But at the time in and a small period out were
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 associated with
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And considered part of that per\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 son's reality by
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 himself
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The way a cat brushes against certain familiarities
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Agreeable enough as it goes for its meal,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And so I befriended places.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Saltillo in Mexican mountains when the land shivers in
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 shadow
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And the sun stretches through the air and beyo\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nd it
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With an intent to overpower what is closer to man--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The River-walk and the Alamo and between both where
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A Philipino in green shorts eats the grass
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Where sidewalk and road intersect.  There is a city
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 where I
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Thought I could find myself less lonely,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 An\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 d so I have returned home.  Snow embraces
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Springfield's earth to its death.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Under the sounds of the rolling drips of water in the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 gutter
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I am frozen, though fingers tearing apart the wet
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 leaves
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I pulled off from a tree, wishing they had been
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Dry to grind a\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nd become the physical appearance of the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 wind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Cracked and peeled back from a boot a portion
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the snow is removed but refreezes more heavily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 On one area of the dead.  I stand as an outsider
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Imagining myself to allow a job section of today's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 newspaper
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 become the thoughts that crash along in the mind of
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the wind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 I need money but cannot find anything worth doing.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To change from a person to a commercial function to
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 eat...this..
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 This day I shall sleep away
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the night.  In Springfield, Mo.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Great God \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 may also await for his eviction.}{\cf6 
\par }{\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Two hundred Indians in Houston bow down to Krishna as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 the gates
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Men lock around him are opened and closed.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But in Springfield he probably awaits,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His red-sock feet on his sofa
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the furnace blows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The Soviet flag on the wal\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 l before his feet.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His walls may have many flags,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And his mind thoughts of glasnost and communism
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Intermixed.. impractical thoughts
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He must sacrifice so that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He can exist together more easily
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 With the community of the dead,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Unalone.
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ----------------------\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ----------------------------------------------------------
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2                                Post-Annulment
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Afferent, the city bus cramps to the curb and brakes
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 through
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Solipsistic muteness with an exhaltation startled and
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 choking
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 [People are play-things i\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n one's reality!  One must
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 look
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Into other eyes or he'll be reminded that he is a user
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 too]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As the sun-god, Aten, blazes upon the terminal's
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Scraped concrete--its graven image--
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Making the place an Amarna,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The shelved rows of the poor men
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Hear the sound hu\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 mbly grazing
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Through whispered reverence over
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The glass-speckled pavement
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In a gradual dying echo,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A cigarette succumbs to the voice as
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Carrion brought to life; all the tattered people
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 awaken;
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And a man spits toward the tire of the bus
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 But misses.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 [Religio\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 n is a lie!  Everything is a lie!]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And as he watches his own spit vanish
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From the hard crest of the world,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 And silently scrapes his lunch pail against
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 A corner of a metallic bench as if expecting the pale
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To bleed...and hoping it would bleed...
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He tries to\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2  remember the angles
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He and his wife stood to project
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The intermingled shadows that both
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Had labeled as their marriage.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 [Marriage, that sanctified legal rape, fosters
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The child-man to be a destined societal function
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As he grows up in the family unit]
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He e\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 nters the second bus:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Its coolness sedating the skin that
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Overlaps his troubled mind.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 His thoughts pull together
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Like the light, cool flow of the air conditioning.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He feels a little pacified
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 [Come to thyself, human, the refuge from lies!]
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He knows the shad\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ow's intangible depth:
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Its vastness having overpowered him these months
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Until he could not reach the logic that told him
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 To find himself outside its barriers.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 As he stares out of the window
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 he wonders why she has left.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 How could she have left without indic\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 ation
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 When he has remained angled toward work
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 So that he and his wife can stay alive?
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 In the bus window he sees his diaphanous face--the
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 windows
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Of the Hilton, where he has a job in maintenance,
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Piercing solidly through its head.  He rings the bell
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 The ide\hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 a of her not home, and legally annulled
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 From his life--her small crotch not tightened to his
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 Desperate thrusts--makes him feel sick.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He gets down from the bus.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He goes to work.
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 He suddenly knows that he is not in love.
\par 
\par 
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 End of the Project Gutenberg etext \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 of An American Papyrus: 25 Poems
\par \hich\af2\dbch\af2\loch\f2 by Steven Sills
\par 
\par }\pard\plain \ql \li0\ri0\widctlpar\aspalpha\aspnum\faauto\adjustright\rin0\lin0\itap0 \f27\fs24\lang1033\langfe1033\cgrid\langnp1033\langfenp1033 {
\par }}